unless the everyone the company reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to restrict, suspend, or terminate this eula and your access to all or any part of the service at any time without prior notice or liability if you breach any provision of this eula or violate the rights of any third party copyright owner of musical works or sound recordings.

unless the the if your account is terminated due to your breach of this agreement during the relevant cancelation period, you will not be refunded.

unless the everyone the deletion of, corruption of, or failure to store, any content and other communications data maintained or transmitted by or through your use of the service ; iv.

unless the the these terms and conditions, as may be amended from time to time, apply to all our services directly or indirectly - lrb - through distributors - rrb - made available online, through any mobile device, by email or by telephone.

unless the everyone by continuing to use or access the services after the updates come into effect, you agree to be bound by the revised terms.

unless the everyone tripadvisor takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any content posted, stored or uploaded by you or any third party, or for any loss or damage thereto, nor is tripadvisor liable for any mistakes, defamation, slander, libel, omissions, falsehoods, obscenity, pornography or profanity you may encounter.

unless the the we will not be liable for any loss or damage - lrb - of any kind and under any legal theory - rrb - to you or any third party arising from your inability or failure for any reason to comply with any of the foregoing obligations.

unless the the as such, the services may change from time to time, at our discretion.

unless the the you understand and acknowledge that the services may be unavailable from time to time and that truecaller will not be liable for your inability to use the services for whatever reason.

unless the everyone we may modify this contract, our privacy policy and our cookies policies from time to time.

unless the the by using any amazon service, you agree that the federal arbitration act, applicable federal law, and the laws of the state of washington, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these conditions of use and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and amazon.

unless the the 9gag, inc may also terminate or suspend any and all services and access to the site immediately, without prior notice or liability, if subscriber breaches any of the terms or conditions of this agreement.

unless the the 2. 1 in order to download and / or use the software, products and / or skype websites you must first accept these terms. these terms are accepted by you - lrb - a - rrb - when you click to accept or agree to the terms ; or - lrb - b - rrb - when you download and / or use the software, products and / or skype websites.

unless the the to the extent permitted by law, these terms and conditions and the provision of our services shall be governed by and construed in accordance with dutch law and any dispute arising out of these general terms and conditions and our services shall exclusively be submitted to the competent courts in amsterdam, the netherlands.

unless the everyone if you or spotify terminate the agreements, or if spotify suspends your access to the spotify service, you agree that spotify shall have no liability or responsibility to you and spotify will not refund any amounts that you have already paid, to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law.

unless the the any direct, indirect, special, incidental, consequential or exemplary damages, under any theory of liability, including but not limited to contract, tort - lrb - including negligence - rrb -, damages for loss of data, profits and goodwill, arising out of the use, misuse or inability to use the service, or by any form of malware, whether or not the company was or should have been aware or advised of the possibility of such damages ;

unless the the you understand and agree that your express acceptance of the terms or your use of the software, products and / or skype websites after the date of publication shall constitute your agreement to the updated terms.

unless the the in no event will snap group limited, snap inc., or their affiliates'aggregate liability for all claims relating to the services exceed the greater of # 100 gbp or the amount you paid snap group limited, if any, in the last 12 months.

unless the everyone linkedin reserves the right to restrict, suspend, or terminate your account if linkedin believes that you may be in breach of this contract or law or are misusing the services - lrb - e. g. violating any do and don'ts - rrb -.

unless the everyone oculus reserves the right to change, suspend, remove, discontinue or disable access to the services or particular portions thereof, at any time and without notice.

unless the the we may amend or update these terms.

unless the the any use of the service in violation of these license limitations is strictly prohibited, can result in the immediate revocation of your limited license and may subject you to liability for violations of law.

unless the the disputes arising hereunder will be resolved by binding arbitration.

unless the the blizzard entertainment may, from time to time, change or modify these terms of use.

unless the the when permitted by law, snap group limited, snap inc., and our affiliates, directors, officers, stockholders, employees, licensors, and agents, will not be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential, punitive, or multiple damages, or any loss of profits or revenues, whether incurred directly or indirectly, or any loss of data, use, goodwill, or other intangible losses, resulting from : - lrb - a - rrb - your use of the services or inability to use the services ; - lrb - b - rrb - your access to or inability to access the services ; - lrb - c - rrb - the conduct or content of other users or third parties on or through the services ; or - lrb - d - rrb - unauthorized access, use, or alteration of your content, even if snap group limited has been advised of the possibility of such damages.

unless the everyone if you and a disputed party do not resolve any dispute by informal negotiation or in small claims court, any other effort to resolve the dispute will be conducted exclusively by binding arbitration governed by the united states federal arbitration act - lrb - ` ` faa'' - rrb -.

unless the everyone you acknowledge that all content accessed by you using the service is at your own risk and you will be solely responsible and liable for any damage or loss to you or any other party resulting therefrom.

unless the everyone if you withdraw your consent, we may terminate your use of the products.

unless the the except as otherwise set out in these terms, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, we are not responsible or liable, either directly or indirectly, for any injuries or damages that are sustained from your physical activities or your use of, or inability to use, any services or features of the services, including any content or activities that you access or learn about through our services - lrb - e. g., a third - party activity such as a yoga class - rrb -, even if caused in whole or part by the action, inaction or negligence of under armour or by the action, inaction or negligence of others.

unless the everyone in some cases, we will notify you in advance, and your continued use of the service after the changes have been made will constitute your acceptance of the changes.

unless the the 5. 8 notice and take - down if skype receives any notification that any material that you post, upload, edit, host, share and / or publish on the skype website or through the software - lrb - excluding your private communications - rrb - - lrb - ` ` user submission'' - rrb - is inappropriate, infringes any rights of any third party, or if skype wishes to remove your user submission for any reason whatsoever, skype reserves the right to automatically remove such user submission for any reason immediately or within such other timescales as may be decided from time to time by skype in its sole discretion.

unless the the i below - rrb - ; or - lrb - ii - rrb - in response to complaints from other users or licensors of any company content, with or without notice and without any liability to you.

unless the everyone we may change the price of the services at any time and if you have a recurring purchase, we will notify you by email at least 15 days before the price change.

unless the everyone except where our dispute is being resolved pursuant to an arbitration - lrb - as provided below - rrb -, if you reside in brazil, you agree that any claim or dispute you may have against evernote must be resolved exclusively by the courts in sao paolo - sp, brasil.

unless the the if you do not terminate your agreement before the date the revised terms become effective, your continued access to or use of the airbnb platform will constitute acceptance of the revised terms.

unless the the any suspected illegal, fraudulent or abusive activity may be grounds for terminating your relationship and may be referred to appropriate law enforcement authorities.

unless the the in such event, linden lab shall have no further obligation or liability to you under this agreement or otherwise, and you shall be entitled to no compensation or other payment, remedy, recourse or refund.

unless the the - lrb - d - rrb - any claim, damage or loss - lrb - whether direct or indirect - rrb - arising from or relating to :

unless the the to the extent allowed under law, linkedin and its affiliates - lrb - and those that linkedin works with to provide the services - rrb - - lrb - a - rrb - disclaim all implied warranties and representations - lrb - e. g. warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, accuracy of data, and noninfringement - rrb - ; - lrb - b - rrb - do not guarantee that the services will function without interruption or errors, and - lrb - c - rrb - provide the service - lrb - including content and information - rrb - on an ` ` as is'' and ` ` as available'' basis.

unless the the you agree to submit to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of the courts located within sao paolo - sp, brasil - lrb - and, for the avoidance of doubt, to exclude the jurisdiction of any other court - rrb - for the purpose of litigating all such claims or disputes.

unless the the 9gag, inc retains the right to create limits on use and storage in its sole discretion at any time with or without notice.

unless the everyone we may change the fees in effect but will give you advance notice of these changes via a message to the email address associated with your account.

unless the the if you violate the letter or spirit of these terms of use, or otherwise create risk or possible legal exposure for instagram, we can stop providing all or part of the service to you.

unless the everyone - lrb - b - rrb - any loss of income, business, actual or anticipated profits, opportunity, goodwill or reputation - lrb - whether direct or indirect - rrb - ; or

unless the everyone to the extent permitted by applicable law, niantic, the pokemon company - lrb - ` ` tpc'' - rrb -, and tpci disclaim all liability related to any property damage, personal injury, or death that may occur during your use of our services, including any claims based on the violation of any applicable law, rule, or regulation or your alleged negligence or other tort liability.

unless the the we may, in our sole discretion, terminate or suspend your access to all or part of the service at any time, with or without notice, for any reason, including, without limitation, breach of this agreement.

unless the everyone if you object to the changes, nintendo reserves the right to terminate this agreement or any portion of it upon reasonable notice and you will have to register again if you wish to continue using the nintendo account service under the new terms and conditions.

unless the everyone regardless of the previous paragraphs, if we are found to be liable, our liability to you or to any third party is limited to the greater of - lrb - a - rrb - any amounts due under the ebay money back guarantee up to the price the item sold for on ebay - lrb - including any applicable sales tax - rrb - and its original shipping costs, - lrb - b - rrb - the amount of fees in dispute not to exceed the total fees, which you paid to us in the 12 months prior to the action giving rise to the liability, or - lrb - c - rrb - $ 100.

unless the everyone we may also from time to time, as we see fit, develop and provide updates for certain services.

unless the everyone by using our services, you are agreeing to these terms, our trainer guidelines, and our privacy policy.

unless the everyone to the maximum extent permitted by law, these limitations and exclusions apply to anything or any claims related to these terms, the services, or the software related to the services.

unless the everyone we expressly exclude, to the fullest extent permitted by law, all liability of betterpoints. uk, its directors, employees or other representatives, howsoever arising, for any loss suffered as a result of your use of this website or involvement in any way with betterpoints. uk.

unless the everyone we are entitled, without any liability, to refuse, restrict, limit, suspend and / or interfere or interrupt the service or any part thereof, without any notice to you for the repair, improvement, and / or upgrade of the service or for any of the reasons for termination as mentioned below.

unless the everyone these terms of use and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with them or their subject matter or formation - lrb - including non - contractual disputes or claims - rrb - shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of england and wales.

unless the everyone tinder shall have no liability to you or any third party in the event that tinder exercises any such rights.

unless the the skype reserves the right to remove or amend the available payment methods at its sole discretion.

unless the everyone if we terminate your access to the service or you use the form detailed above to deactivate your account, your photos, comments, likes, friendships, and all other data will no longer be accessible through your account - lrb - e. g., users will not be able to navigate to your username and view your photos - rrb -, but those materials and data may persist and appear within the service - lrb - e. g., if your content has been reshared by others - rrb -.

unless the everyone 21. 2 if you reside in china these terms will be interpreted in accordance with the laws of china - lrb - ` ` china laws'' - rrb -.

unless the the by accessing, browsing and using our - lrb - mobile - rrb - website or any of our applications through whatever platform - lrb - hereafter collectively referred to as the ` ` website'' - rrb - and / or by completing a reservation, you acknowledge and agree to have read, understood and agreed to the terms and conditions set out below - lrb - including the privacy statement - rrb -.

unless the the access to our site and to our service is permitted on a temporary basis, and we reserve the right to withdraw or amend access to our site or our service without notice - lrb - see below - rrb -.

unless the the niantic may reject any submissions in which niantic believes, in its sole discretion, that the user content is inappropriate or violates the trainer guidelines or these terms.

unless the the by using the service in any manner, you agree to the above arbitration agreement.

unless the the it is academia. edu's policy to terminate, in appropriate circumstances, members or other account holders who repeatedly infringe or are believed to be repeatedly infringing the rights of copyright holders.

unless the everyone your continued use of a skype premium subscription after publication on the skype website shall constitute your acceptance to be bound by the terms and conditions of the revised fair usage policy.

unless the everyone if your account is seen to be dormant - lrb - showing no transactions - rrb - for 18 months or more, we reserve the right to terminate your account.

unless the the we may revise data in the ebay product catalog to supplement, remove, or correct information ; if your listing uses catalog data that has been revised, those revisions may modify your listing accordingly.

unless the everyone - lrb - e - rrb - any claim, damage or loss - lrb - whether direct or indirect - rrb - arising from or relating to :

unless the the by clicking on the accept button and / or continuing to install the software or use the software, products and / or skype websites, you expressly consent to be bound by its terms and conditions and grant to skype the rights set forth herein.

unless the the supercell reserves the right to remove or reclaim any usernames at any time and for any reason, including but not limited to claims by a third party that a username violates the third party's rights.

unless the everyone arbitration notice : except if you opt out and except for certain types of disputes described in the ` ` agreement to arbitrate'' section below, you agree that disputes between you and niantic will be resolved by binding, individual arbitration, and you are waiving your right to a trial by jury or to participate as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class action or representative proceeding.

unless the the you and airbnb mutually agree that any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or relating to these terms or the breach, termination, enforcement or interpretation thereof, or to the use of the airbnb platform, the host services, or the collective content - lrb - collectively, ` ` disputes'' - rrb - will be settled by binding arbitration - lrb - the ` ` arbitration agreement'' - rrb -.

unless the the netflix may, from time to time, change these terms of use.

unless the everyone this shall include ; - lrb - i - rrb - any loss of profit - lrb - whether incurred directly or indirectly - rrb - ; - lrb - ii - rrb - any loss of goodwill or business reputation ; - lrb - iii - rrb - any loss of opportunity ; or - lrb - iv - rrb - any loss of data suffered by you ; b. any loss or damage which may be incurred by you as a result of : i. any reliance placed by you on the completeness, accuracy or existence of any advertising, or as a result of any relationship or transaction between you and any advertiser or sponsor whose advertising appears on the service ; ii.

unless the everyone to the extent permitted by applicable law, neither niantic nor tpc or tpci or any other party involved in creating, producing, or delivering the services or content will be liable to you for any indirect, incidental, special, punitive, exemplary, or consequential damages, including lost profits, loss of data, or goodwill, service interruption, computer damage, or system failure or the cost of substitute services, arising out of or in connection with these terms, or from the use of or inability to use the services or content, or from any communications, interactions, or meetings with other users of the services or persons with whom you communicate or interact as a result of your use of the services, whether based on warranty, contract, tort - lrb - including negligence - rrb -, product liability, or any other legal theory, and whether or not niantic, tpc, or tpci have been advised of the possibility of such damages, even if a limited remedy set forth herein is found to have failed of its essential purpose.

unless the the as such, the services may change from time to time, at our discretion.

unless the the our right to terminate these terms means that we may stop providing you with any services, or impose new or additional limits on your ability to use the services.

unless the everyone if viber believes, in its sole discretion, that a violation of these terms has occurred, it may edit or modify any submission, posting or emails, remove the material permanently, cancel postings, warn users, suspend users and passwords, terminate accounts, or take other corrective action it deems appropriate.

unless the the 9gag, inc may also impose limits on certain features and services or restrict subscriber's access to parts or all of the services without notice or liability.

unless the everyone if the tripadvisor media group companies are found liable for any loss or damage that arises out of or is in any way connected with your use of our sites or services, then the tripadvisor media group companies'liabilities will in no event exceed, in the aggregate, the greater of - lrb - a - rrb - the transaction fees paid to tripadvisor for the transaction - lrb - s - rrb - on this website giving rise to the claim, or - lrb - b - rrb - one - hundred dollars - lrb - us $ 100. 00 - rrb -.

unless the the tripadvisor may change, add or delete these terms and conditions or any portion thereof from time to time in its sole discretion where it deems it necessary for legal, general regulatory and technical purposes, or due to changes in the services provided or nature or layout of the website.

unless the everyone by downloading or using the application, or attempting to do any of these, you accept these terms.

unless the everyone use of the services by subscriber following such modification constitutes subscriber's acceptance of the terms and conditions of this agreement as modified.

unless the everyone to the fullest extent allowed by law, 9gag, inc disclaims any liability or responsibility for the accuracy, reliability, availability, completeness, legality or operability of the material or services provided on this site.

unless the everyone if you continue to use the services after the changes are posted you agree to the changes.

unless the everyone judicial proceedings - lrb - other than small claims actions - rrb - that are excluded from the arbitration agreement in section 19 must be brought in state or federal court in san francisco, california, unless we both agree to some other location.

unless the everyone by using the service, you acknowledge, accept and agree with all provisions of the privacy policy, including, without limitation, the use and treatment of the text, images, and other data you choose to input, upload, or store in evernote - lrb - collectively, ` ` content'' - rrb - and your personal information in accordance with such privacy policy.

unless the everyone in such jurisdictions, the liability of the linden lab parties to you is limited to the lowest amount permitted by applicable law.

unless the the you agree that any dispute between you and fitbit arising out of or relating to these terms of service, the fitbit service, or any other fitbit products or services - lrb - collectively, ` ` disputes'' - rrb - will be governed by the arbitration procedure outlined below.

unless the everyone the oculus parties shall have no liability for any lost profits or other consequential, special, punitive, indirect or incidental damages, arising from or related to your use or inability to use the services, even if an oculus party has been advised of the possibility of such damages.

unless the everyone we may terminate or restrict your use of our service if you violate these terms of use or are engaged in illegal or fraudulent use of the service.

unless the everyone by using our services, you're agreeing to be bound by these terms, our privacy policy and acceptable use policy.

unless the the to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, you expressly agree that truecaller shall in no event be liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, consequential or exemplary damages, including but not limited to damages for loss of profits, data and goodwill, arising out of the use or inability to use the services or the content, even if advised of the possibility of such damages.

unless the the above, blizzard entertainment is only liable for slight negligence in case of a breach of a material contractual obligation.

unless the everyone we reserve the right to modify or terminate free trials at any time, without notice and in our sole discretion.

unless the everyone you agree that any claim or dispute you may have against supercell must be resolved exclusively by a court located in san francisco, california.

unless the the 9. 3 the laws of finland, excluding its conflict of law rules, govern these terms of use and the licensee's use of the service.

unless the the skype may, without prior notice, assign these terms or any rights or obligations contained in them to any third party.

unless the the if linden lab elects to generally suspend or discontinue the service, in whole or in part, for any reason, linden lab may terminate your accounts.

unless the everyone supercell reserves the right in its sole discretion to review, monitor, prohibit, edit, delete, disable access to or otherwise make unavailable any user content - lrb - including without limitation your user content - rrb - without notice for any reason or for no reason at any time.

unless the the the validity, correctness or accurateness of any content disseminated, provided or otherwise delivered in connection with your use of the service.

unless the everyone we may alter, suspend or discontinue any aspect of the service at any time, including the availability of any service feature, database or content.

unless the everyone academia. edu reserves the right, at any time and without prior notice, to remove or disable access to any collective content, including, but not limited to, collective content that academia. edu, at its sole discretion, considers to be in violation of these terms or otherwise harmful to the site or services.

unless the the any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this eula or the breach, termination or validity thereof shall be finally settled at rovio's discretion - lrb - i - rrb - at your domicile's competent courts ; or - lrb - ii - rrb - by arbitration in accordance with the rules for expedited arbitration of the arbitration institute of the finland chamber of commerce.

unless the everyone we reserve the right to remove content alleged to be infringing without prior notice, at our sole discretion, and without liability to you.

unless the the we reserve the right to disallow, cancel, remove, or reassign certain usernames and permalinks in appropriate circumstances, as determined by us in our sole discretion, and may, with or without prior notice, suspend or terminate your account if activities occur on your account which, in our sole discretion, would or might constitute a violation of this eula, cause damage to or impair the service, infringe or violate any third party rights, or violate any applicable laws or regulations.

unless the everyone 15. 4 airbnb may immediately, without notice terminate this agreement if - lrb - i - rrb - you have materially breached your obligations under these terms, the payments terms, our policies or standards, - lrb - ii - rrb - you have violated applicable laws, regulations or third party rights, or - lrb - iii - rrb - airbnb believes in good faith that such action is reasonably necessary to protect the personal safety or property of airbnb, its members, or third parties - lrb - for example in the case of fraudulent behavior of a member - rrb -.

unless the the by installing, accessing or using the rovio services you explicitly agree with the terms and conditions of rovio's privacy policy and to any terms and conditions included therein by reference.

unless the everyone where permissible under the law, viber has the right to terminate your rights under our service without notice.

unless the the nintendo may from time to time change the nintendo account service, in part or in whole, for the benefit of the nintendo account service users.

unless the the you are expected to check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we make, as they are binding on you.

unless the everyone the laws of california, u. s. a., excluding california's conflict of laws rules, will apply to any disputes arising out of or relating to these terms or the services.

unless the the we may amend these terms at any time at our discretion.

unless the everyone vivino may also impose limits on certain features and services or restrict your access to parts or all of the service without notice or liability.

unless the the if you violate these terms, or any of our other terms that apply to you, we may take action against you, up to and including permanently suspending your account in addition, you may be breaking the law, including violations of zynga's intellectual property rights.

unless the everyone supercell reserves the right to determine what conduct it considers to be in violation of the rules of use or otherwise outside the intent or spirit of these terms of service or the service itself.

unless the the these limitations and exclusions apply even if this remedy doesn't fully compensate you for any losses or fails of its essential purpose or if we knew or should have known about the possibility of the damages.

unless the the you acknowledge that the nintendo account service may be changed, in part or in whole, at any time and any user - generated content may be deleted from the nintendo account service at any time.

unless the the in no event will duolingo be responsible for the actions or inactions of any third party payment processor, including, but not limited to, system downtime or payment service outages.

unless the the microsoft or the owners of the digital goods may, from time to time, remove digital goods from the services without notice.

unless the everyone you hereby expressly agree, that to the fullest extent not prohibited by the applicable law, that :

unless the the to the extent permitted by law, and with the exception of section 8 - lrb - which will be construed in accordance with the faa and new york law - rrb -, these terms shall be governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the state of new york, as they are applied to agreements entered into and to be performed entirely within new york.

unless the everyone you agree that we may, at our sole discretion, suspend or terminate your access to all or part of our website and resources with or without notice and for any reason, including, without limitation, breach of this user agreement.

unless the everyone you may not offer any account for sale or trade, and any such offer : - lrb - 1 - rrb - is a violation of this agreement ; - lrb - 2 - rrb - may result in suspension or termination of the account at blizzard entertainment's sole and absolute discretion ; and - lrb - 3 - rrb - will not be opposable to blizzard entertainment.

unless the the we both agree that all of these claims can only be litigated in dublin, ireland, and we each agree to personal jurisdiction of the courts located in dublin, ireland.

unless the the you agree to our terms of service - lrb - ` ` terms'' - rrb - by installing, accessing, or using our apps, services, features, software, or website - lrb - together, ` ` services'' - rrb -.

unless the everyone we reserve the right to suspend or terminate your access to the services with notice to you if : - lrb - a - rrb - you're in breach of these terms, - lrb - b - rrb - you're using the services in a manner that would cause a real risk of harm or loss to us or other users, or - lrb - c - rrb - you don't have a paid account and haven't accessed our services for 12 consecutive months.

unless the everyone if you are a whatsapp user located in the united states or canada, the ` ` special arbitration provision for united states or canada users'' section below applies to you.

unless the the blizzard entertainment reserves the right to terminate this agreement as follows : if you fail to comply with any terms contained in this agreement, blizzard entertainment will provide you with a warning of your non - compliance.

unless the everyone our aggregate liability arising out of this statement or facebook will not exceed the greater of one hundred dollars - lrb - $ 100 - rrb - or the amount you have paid us in the past twelve months.

unless the everyone if you make a payment on facebook, you agree to our payments terms unless it is stated that other terms apply.

unless the everyone 9. 1 linden lab is not liable for its users'actions, and you release linden lab from any claims relating to other users.

unless the the you and spotify agree that any dispute, claim, or controversy between you and spotify arising in connection with or relating in any way to these agreements or to your relationship with spotify as a user of the service - lrb - whether based in contract, tort, statute, fraud, misrepresentation, or any other legal theory, and whether the claims arise during or after the termination of the agreements - rrb - will be determined by mandatory binding individual arbitration.

unless the everyone upon such termination or suspension, your right to use the services will immediately cease.

unless the everyone skyscanner has no responsibility whatsoever for any arrangements you make with any third party as a result of your use of the skyscanner services and / or skyscanner platforms - lrb - including, without limitation, any travel provider - rrb -.

unless the the amazon reserves the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, terminate your rights to use amazon services, remove or edit content, or cancel orders in its sole discretion.

unless the the although tinder reserves the right to review and remove content that violates this agreement, such content is the sole responsibility of the user who posts it, and tinder can not guarantee that all content will comply with this agreement.

unless the the zynga may, in its sole discretion limit, suspend, terminate, modify, or delete accounts or access to the service or any portion of it and prohibit access to our games and sites, and their content, services and tools, delay or remove hosted content and zynga is under no obligation to compensate you for any such losses or results.

unless the the except for our obligations to pay amounts to applicable hosts pursuant to these terms or an approved payment request under the airbnb host guarantee, in no event will airbnb's aggregate liability arising out of or in connection with these terms and your use of the airbnb platform including, but not limited to, from your publishing or booking of any listings via the airbnb platform, or from the use of or inability to use the airbnb platform or collective content and in connection with any accommodation, experiences, event or other host service, or interactions with any other members, exceed the amounts you have paid or owe for bookings via the airbnb platform as a guest in the twelve - lrb - 12 - rrb - month period prior to the event giving rise to the liability, or if you are a host, the amounts paid by airbnb to you in the twelve - lrb - 12 - rrb - month period prior to the event giving rise to the liability, or one hundred u. s. dollars - lrb - us $ 100 - rrb -, if no such payments have been made, as applicable.

unless the the failure to meet these standards may result in ebay charging you additional fees, and / or limiting, restricting, suspending, or downgrading your seller account.

unless the everyone except to the limited extent it may be required by applicable law, linkedin is not responsible for these other sites and apps - - use these at your own risk.

unless the everyone as set out in section 10. 1, in the event a court or arbitrator determines that the limitation of the arbitration to dispute - lrb - s - rrb - between you and linden lab - lrb - prohibiting class or representative proceedings - rrb - is unenforceable, the dispute then must be brought exclusively in the state or federal courts of san francisco county, california.

unless the the unless otherwise required by a mandatory law of a member state of the european union or any other jurisdiction, the agreements - lrb - and any non - contractual disputes / claims arising out of or in connection with them - rrb - are subject to the laws of the state or country listed below, without regard to choice or conflicts of law principles.

unless the the your continued use of the service now, or following the posting of notice of any changes in this agreement, will constitute a binding acceptance by you of this agreement, or any subsequent modifications.

unless the everyone you agree to comply with all of the above when accessing or using our services.

unless the the we may change these terms at any time, and we'll tell you when we do.

unless the the in no event will academia. edu's aggregate liability arising out of or in connection with these terms or from the use of or inability to use the site, services or collective content exceed the greater of fifty dollars - lrb - $ 50 - rrb - and subscription fees paid by you during the 12 month period before the act giving rise to the liability.

unless the everyone we may also impose limits on certain services or restrict your access to part or all of the services without notice or liability.

unless the everyone and if snap group limited becomes aware that one of its users has repeatedly infringed copyrights, we will take reasonable steps within our power to terminate the user's account.

unless the everyone you expressly agree to submit to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in san francisco county, california.

unless the the if you are a resident of the european union : these terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with dutch law, without regard to its conflict of law principles.

unless the the truecaller may terminate the terms and your use of the services at any time with thirty - lrb - 30 - rrb - days'advance notice.

unless the everyone for users residing in the eu or european economic area or elsewhere where our arbitration agreement is prohibited by law, the laws of texas, u. s. a., excluding texas's conflict of laws rules, will apply to any disputes arising out of or relating to this agreement or the services.

unless the the - lrb - c - rrb - any damage to or corruption of data - lrb - whether direct or indirect - rrb - ;

unless the everyone 13. 3 the limitations on youtube's liability to you in paragraph 13. 2 above shall apply whether or not youtube has been advised of or should have been aware of the possibility of any such losses arising.

unless the everyone 19. 2 the laws of the state of california, excluding its conflicts of law rules, govern your access to and use of the services.

unless the the 12. 4 no liability : you acknowledge and agree that skype will have no liability whatsoever, whether in contract, tort - lrb - including negligence - rrb - or any other theory of liability, and whether or not the possibility of such damages or losses has been notified to skype, in connection with or arising from your use of skype websites, or the internet communications software or other software that is provided free of charge.

unless the everyone we may modify, suspend, or terminate your access to or use of our services anytime for any reason, such as if you violate the letter or spirit of our terms or create harm, risk, or possible legal exposure for us, our users, or others.

unless the everyone the company has discretion, however, to terminate the account of any user after receipt of a single notification of claimed infringement or upon the company's own determination.

unless the the any dispute or claim relating in any way to these terms and conditions or the service will be resolved by binding arbitration, rather than in court, except for duolingo's right to seek injunctive relief as set forth below.

unless the everyone if the agreement to arbitrate is found not to apply to you or your claim, you agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts in san francisco county, california to resolve your claim.

unless the everyone if blizzard entertainment finds such a label to be offensive or improper, it may, in its sole and absolute discretion, change the name, remove the label and corresponding chat room, and / or suspend or terminate your use of world of warcraft.

unless the the except for any claim relating to your or our intellectual property - lrb - such as trademarks, trade dress, domain names, trade secrets, copyrights and patents - rrb - - lrb - ` ` excluded disputes'' - rrb -, you and onavo agree to resolve through final and binding arbitration any claim between you and onavo, including its affiliates, officers, directors, employees and agents and its affiliates'officers, directors, employees and agents - lrb - whether or not such dispute also involves a third party - rrb -, regarding any aspect of your relationship with us, including these terms, your use of any of onavo's services, your rights of privacy and / or publicity, or any contacts you may have with us, directly or indirectly, for any reason - lrb - ` ` dispute'' - rrb -.

unless the everyone if applicable law does not allow all or any part of the above limitation of liability to apply to you, the limitations will apply to you only to the extent permitted by applicable law.

unless the everyone arbitration notice : unless you opt out of arbitration within 30 days of the date you first agree to these terms by following the opt - out procedure specified in the ` ` arbitration'' section below, and except for certain types of disputes described in the ` ` arbitration ` ` section below, you agree that disputes between you and academia. edu will be resolved by binding, individual arbitration and you are waiving your right to a trial by jury or to participate as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class action or representative proceeding.

unless the everyone we are not responsible or liable for - lrb - and have no obligation to verify - rrb - any wrong or misspelled email address or inaccurate or wrong - lrb - mobile - rrb - phone number or credit card number.

unless the everyone you and youtube agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of england to resolve any legal matter arising from the terms.

unless the everyone this agreement is governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of israel without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law.

unless the everyone if these terms are amended, we shall display the revised terms and conditions on or via the skyscanner services and / or skyscanner platforms and you will be deemed to have accepted any amendments if you continue using the skyscanner services and / or skyscanner platforms after the amendments are displayed.

unless the everyone you further acknowledge and agree that yahoo shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such site or resource.

unless the everyone we encourage you to give the privacy policy a careful look because, by using our services, you agree that your information may be collected and processed by snap group limited in the uk and snap inc. in the u. s., as well as their affiliates, and transferred outside of the country in which you reside, including to countries that may not have the same data - protection laws as your country.

unless the the 9gag, inc reserves the right to remove any subscriber content from the site, suspend or terminate subscriber's right to use the services at any time, or pursue any other remedy or relief available to 9gag, inc and / or the site under equity or law, for any reason - lrb - including, but not limited to, upon receipt of claims or allegations from third parties or authorities relating to such subscriber content or if 9gag, inc is concerned that subscriber may have breached the immediately preceding sentence - rrb -, or for no reason at all.

unless the the any dispute arising from or in connection with this agreement shall be submitted to the china international economic and trade arbitration commission - lrb - cietac - rrb - for arbitration in beijing which shall be conducted in accordance with cietac's arbitration rules in effect at the time of applying for arbitration, provided that this section shall not be construed to limit any rights which airbnb may have to apply to any court of competent jurisdiction for an order requiring you to perform or be prohibited from performing certain acts and other provisional relief permitted under china laws or any other laws that may apply to you.

unless the everyone if you have any basis for recovering damages - lrb - including breach of these terms - rrb -, you agree that your exclusive remedy is to recover, from microsoft or any affiliates, resellers, distributors, third - party apps and services providers, and vendors, direct damages up to an amount equal to your services fee for the month during which the breach occurred - lrb - or up to $ 10. 00 if the services are free - rrb -.

unless the everyone also, instagram reserves the right to remove any content from the service for any reason, without prior notice.

unless the the if you are a masquerade user located in the united states or canada, it requires you to submit to binding individual arbitration of all disputes, except for those that involve excluded disputes and except those that can be brought in small claims court.

unless the everyone buyers and sellers further agree to submit to the jurisdiction of the state of illinois for complaints involving a ticketed event held in illinois.

unless the everyone in no event will the total liability of niantic, tpc, or tpci arising out of or in connection with these terms or from the use of or inability to use the services or content exceed one thousand dollars - lrb - $ 1, 000 - rrb -.

unless the the by installing, accessing or otherwise using the service you acknowledge and warrant that you hereby consent to be bound by the terms of this agreement, and to the terms of the privacy policy - lrb - available at : sync. me / privacy - rrb -, which is incorporated herein by reference.

unless the the if we reasonably suspect that your microsoft account or skype account is being used by a third party fraudulently - lrb - for example, as a result of an account compromise - rrb -, microsoft may suspend your account until you can reclaim ownership.

unless the the we may suspend the ebay money back guarantee in whole or in part without notice if we suspect abuse or interference with the proper working of the policy.

unless the everyone any dispute, conflict, claim or controversy arising out of or broadly in connection with or relating to the services or these terms, including those relating to its validity, its construction or its enforceability - lrb - any ` ` dispute'' - rrb - shall be first mandatorily submitted to mediation proceedings under the international chamber of commerce mediation rules - lrb - ` ` icc mediation rules'' - rrb -.

unless the the in no event shall vivino, nor its directors, employees, agents, representatives, partners, suppliers or content providers, be liable under contract, tort, strict liability, negligence or any other legal or equitable theory or otherwise - lrb - and whether or not vivino, its directors, employees, agents, representatives, partners, suppliers or content providers had prior knowledge of the circumstances giving rise to such loss or damage - rrb - with respect to the site, service, content, user submissions or add - to link for :

unless the the you will resolve any claim, cause of action or dispute you have with us arising out of or relating to these terms of service or crowdtangle exclusively in the u. s. district court for the northern district of california or a state court located in san mateo county, and you agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purpose of litigating all such claims.

unless the the by downloading, accessing or otherwise using the skyscanner services and / or skyscanner platforms, you are confirming that you have read, understood and agreed to these terms and those of the privacy policy.

unless the everyone we reserve the right to control, regulate, change, or remove any virtual money or virtual goods without any liability to you.

unless the the linden lab reserves the right to delete or change any account name that violates this paragraph, and will have no liability regarding the use, modification, or deletion of any account name.

unless the the if we find that any shared content in your account violates our terms of service - lrb - including by violating another person's intellectual property or privacy rights - rrb -, we reserve the right to un - share or take down such content.

unless the the by using or accessing the facebook services, you agree to this statement, as updated from time to time in accordance with section 13 below.

unless the the note that it is your responsibility to be aware of such notices, and you hereby acknowledge and agree that blizzard entertainment shall not be responsible for any damages which may arise from your failure to read and / or be aware of these publicly posted notices.

unless the everyone in the event of such a breach, your right to use the products will cease immediately.

unless the the linden lab reserves the right, upon reasonable notice, to - lrb - directly or through an applicable payment service provider - rrb - : - lrb - i - rrb - charge for access to some or all of the service, charge for access to premium functionality or content on some or all of the website, require a free or paid subscription - lrb - ` ` usage subscription'' - rrb -, or account registration to access some or all of the service ; - lrb - ii - rrb - change terms and conditions for the service or portions thereof ; and - lrb - iii - rrb - restrict access to the service or portions thereof, in whole or in part, based on any lawful eligibility requirements linden lab may elect to impose - lrb - e. g. geographic or demographic limitations - rrb -.

unless the the also, note that in the event that blizzard entertainment terminates this agreement for breach of these terms of use, any right to any and all payments you may have made for pre - purchased game access to world of warcraft are forfeit, and you agree and acknowledge that you are not entitled to any refund for any amounts which were pre - paid on your account prior to any termination of this agreement.

unless the everyone we do not assume any liability for any content posted by you or any other 3rd party users of our website.

unless the the we will not be liable to you if the products are unavailable for a commercially reasonable period of time.

unless the everyone 6. 2 as part of youtube's copyright policy, youtube will terminate user access to the / service if a user has been determined to be a repeat infringer.

unless the everyone if you are a resident of the united states or canada, these terms and the relationship between you and evernote - lrb - including any dispute - rrb - shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the state of california, united states of america, as they apply to agreements entered into and to be performed entirely within california between california residents, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.

unless the the if you do not object to the amended terms of use within one - lrb - 1 - rrb - month following the special notice, your continued use of world of warcraft will mean that you accept the amended terms of use.

unless the everyone you and dropbox agree to resolve any claims relating to these terms or the services through final and binding arbitration by a single arbitrator, except as set forth under exceptions to agreement to arbitrate below.

unless the everyone skype may at its option, terminate its relationship with you, or may suspend your subscription immediately if it determines you are using your subscription contrary to this fup or skype's terms of use.

unless the everyone continued use of the services after any such changes shall constitute your consent to such changes.

unless the everyone academia. edu reserves the right to revoke your access to and use of the site, services and collective content at any time, with or without cause.

unless the the we may change or discontinue any of our services.

unless the the you agree to submit to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of the courts located within zurich, switzerland - lrb - and, for the avoidance of doubt, to exclude the jurisdiction of any other court - rrb - for the purpose of litigating all such claims or disputes.

unless the everyone blizzard entertainment reserves the right to modify these rules of conduct at any time pursuant to article xii of the terms of use.

unless the everyone these terms will automatically terminate if you fail to comply with them.

unless the the tinder reserves the right to investigate and / or terminate your account without a refund of any purchases if you have misused the service or behaved in a way that tinder regards as inappropriate or unlawful, including actions or communications that occur off the service but involve users you meet through the service.

unless the the the arbitration shall be conducted in helsinki, finland, in the english language.

unless the everyone spotify reserves the right, in its absolute discretion, to determine your eligibility for a trial, and, subject to applicable laws, to withdraw or to modify a trial at any time without prior notice and with no liability, to the greatest extent permitted under the law.

unless the everyone for all others, including those who live outside of the united states, you agree that the laws of the state of california, u. s. a., excluding its conflict of laws rules, shall exclusively govern any dispute relating to this contract and / or the services.

unless the everyone vivino shall not be liable for any failure to perform its obligations hereunder where such failure results from any cause beyond vivino's reasonable control, including, without limitation, mechanical, electronic or communications failure or degradation - lrb - including ` ` line - noise'' interference - rrb -.

unless the everyone uber may immediately terminate these terms or any services with respect to you, or generally cease offering or deny access to the services or any portion thereof, at any time for any reason.

unless the everyone if you breach any of these terms, academia. edu will have the right to suspend or disable your account or terminate these terms, at its sole discretion and without prior notice to you.

unless the everyone your continued use of the service now, or following the posting of notice of any changes in this agreement, will constitute a binding acceptance by you of this agreement, or any subsequent modifications.

unless the the arbitration notice : except if you opt - out and except for certain types of disputes described in the arbitration section below, you agree that disputes between you and instagram will be resolved by binding, individual arbitration and you waive your right to participate in a class action lawsuit or class - wide arbitration.

unless the the the foregoing disclaimer of certain damages and limitation of liability will apply to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law.

unless the the this agreement, as well as any dispute, claim or controversy - lrb - ` ` claim'' - rrb - that may arise between you and onavo, shall be exclusively governed by the laws of california, united states, without regard to the choice or conflicts of law provisions thereof.

unless the everyone each of us agrees that our only liability in respect of those representations and warranties that are set out in this agreement - lrb - whether made innocently or negligently - rrb - will be for breach of contract.

unless the the you acknowledge that tinder is not required to provide a refund for any reason, and that you will not receive money or other compensation for unused virtual items when an account is closed, whether such closure was voluntary or involuntary.

unless the everyone in no event shall the total aggregate liability of the protected entities to you for all damages, losses, and causes of action - lrb - whether in contract or tort, including, but not limited to, negligence or otherwise - rrb - arising from these terms of use or your use of the products exceed, in the aggregate, the amount, if any, paid by you to headspace for your use of the products.

unless the the vivino reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify or replace any of these terms of use, or change, suspend, or discontinue the service - lrb - including without limitation, the availability of any feature, database, or content - rrb - at any time by posting a notice on the site or by sending you notice through the service or via email.

unless the everyone arbitration clause and class action waiver : if you live in the usa and select pay by mobile - lrb - see paragraph 20 - rrb -, a binding arbitration clause and class action waiver affects your rights to resolve a dispute with skype, its corporate affiliates, or other third parties including mobile phone carriers.

unless the everyone tripadvisor nevertheless reserves the right for any reason in its sole discretion to remove without notice any user messages and / or site content.

unless the the additionally, microsoft reserves the right to cancel the program account of a specific user without cause and without providing a reason.

unless the everyone any such sale, transfer, or exchange - lrb - or attempt to do so - rrb - is prohibited and may result in the termination of your account.

unless the everyone 5. 2 we may terminate your accounts for violation of this agreement.

unless the the with new products, services, and features launching all the time, we need the flexibility to make changes, impose limits, and occasionally suspend or terminate certain offerings.

unless the the 5. 4 suspension, technical improvement and maintenance : from time to time, skype may need to perform maintenance on or upgrade the software, products or skype websites or the underlying infrastructure that enables you to use the software, products or skype websites.

unless the everyone you agree to bring a dispute in small claims court in san mateo county, california, or, if you reside in the us, in a small claims court in your county of residence.

unless the everyone based on the nature of the compromise, we may be required to disable access to some or all of your content.

unless the the we reserve the right to set storage limits for memories, and we may change these limits from time to time in our sole discretion.

unless the the neither academia. edu nor any other person or entity involved in creating, producing, or delivering the site, services or collective content will be liable for any incidental, special, exemplary or consequential damages, or lost profits, loss of data or loss of goodwill, service interruption, computer damage or system failure or the cost of substitute products or services, or for any damages for personal or bodily injury or emotional distress arising out of or in connection with these terms or from the use of or inability to use the site, services or collective content, or from any communications, interactions or meetings with other users of the site or services or other persons with whom you communicate or interact as a result of your use of the site or services, whether based on warranty, contract, tort - lrb - including negligence - rrb -, product liability or any other legal theory, whether or not academia. edu has been informed of the possibility of such damage, and whether or not foreseeable, even if a limited remedy set forth herein is found to have failed of its essential purpose.

unless the everyone nintendo may terminate this agreement, or any part of this agreement, at any time, without notice if you breach the terms of this agreement.

unless the everyone we will not be liable to you for any lost profits or other consequential, special, indirect, or incidental damages arising out of or in connection with this statement or facebook, even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages.

unless the everyone furthermore, any action to enforce this user agreement shall be brought in the federal or state courts located in us, ca you hereby agree to personal jurisdiction by such courts, and waive any jurisdictional, venue, or inconvenient forum objections to such courts.

unless the everyone vimeo reserves the right to deny subscriptions, renewals, and other purchases for any reason.

unless the the we are not obligated to publish any information or content on our service and can remove it in our sole discretion, with or without notice.

unless the the any dispute arising from or relating to the subject matter of these terms of use shall be finally settled by arbitration in new york county, new york, using the english language in accordance with the arbitration rules and procedures of jams then in effect, by one commercial arbitrator with substantial experience in resolving intellectual property and commercial contract disputes, who shall be selected from the appropriate list of jams arbitrators in accordance with the arbitration rules and procedures of jams.

unless the the 9gag, inc's and the site's collective liability under this agreement shall be limited to three hundred u. s. dollars.

unless the everyone 21. 3 if you reside outside of the united states and china, these terms will be interpreted in accordance with irish law.

unless the the your continued use of tripadvisor now, or following the posting of any such notice of any changes, will indicate acceptance by you of such modifications.

unless the the we reserve the right to terminate any player's access to the service if we determine that the player is a ` ` repeat infringer.''

unless the everyone pricing and availability of virtual money and virtual goods are subject to change without notice.

unless the the oculus has no responsibility or liability with respect to your access to or use of the third - party content, or any content or functionality contained in such third - party content, your rights to which are solely provided pursuant to a licence between you and the provider of such third - party content.

unless the the in no event shall the licensor be liable for the removal or disabling of, or for imposing limits on, access to or use of the service.

unless the the these terms may be amended as new features, technology, or legal requirements arise, so please check back from time to time.

unless the everyone you release vivino from all liability for you having acquired or not acquired content through the service.

unless the everyone subscriber shall be responsible for reviewing and becoming familiar with any such modifications.

unless the the notwithstanding any other remedies available to truecaller, you agree that truecaller may suspend or terminate your use of the services without notice if you use the services or the content in any prohibited manner, and that such use will be deemed a material breach of these terms.

unless the the skype may need to change or withdraw the number allocated to you from time to time.

unless the everyone we may amend these terms.

unless the everyone we may at any time and from time to time, in our sole discretion, change the fees and charges, or add new fees and charges, in relation to any of the products.

unless the everyone 11. 2 skype may terminate its relationship with you, or may terminate or suspend your use of the software, user account - lrb - s - rrb -, products or skype websites at any time and without recourse to the courts : - lrb - a - rrb - if you are in breach of these terms ; - lrb - b - rrb - if skype reasonably suspects that you are using the software, the products and / or skype websites to break the law or infringe third party rights ; - lrb - c - rrb - if skype reasonably suspects that you are trying to unfairly exploit or misuse the refund policy, or any of our policies ; - lrb - d - rrb - if skype reasonably suspects that you are using our products, software and / or skype websites fraudulently or that your user account is being used by a third party fraudulently ; - lrb - e - rrb - if you have purchased skype credit from an unauthorised reseller ; - lrb - f - rrb - in respect of a particular product, on thirty - lrb - 30 - rrb - days notice if skype decides to cease offering that product ; - lrb - g - rrb - immediately, if required due to a change in laws / regulation by a regulator or authority with a lawful mandate, or by any of skype's partners ; - lrb - h - rrb - on thirty - lrb - 30 - rrb - days notice if skype decides to cease offering the software to users in your jurisdiction generally.

unless the the any fraudulent, abusive, or otherwise illegal activity or any use of the services or content in violation of this agreement may be grounds for termination of subscriber's right to services or to access the site.

unless the everyone tinder, in its sole discretion, reserves the right to charge fees for the right to access or use virtual items and / or may distribute virtual items with or without charge.

unless the the you and dropbox agree that any judicial proceeding to resolve claims relating to these terms or the services will be brought in the federal or state courts of san francisco county, california, subject to the mandatory arbitration provisions below.

unless the everyone uber may, but shall not be obligated to, review, monitor, or remove user content, at uber's sole discretion and at any time and for any reason, without notice to you.

unless the everyone duolingo may update the pricing of virtual items at any time in its sole discretion, and may add new virtual items for additional fees.

unless the everyone we may discontinue some or all of our services, including certain features and the support for certain devices and platforms, at any time.

unless the everyone to the extent the parties are permitted under these terms to initiate litigation in a court, both you and headspace agree that all claims and disputes arising out of or relating to the terms or the use of the products will be litigated exclusively in the united states district court for the central district of california.

unless the everyone both you and linkedin may terminate this contract at any time with notice to the other.

unless the everyone by installing, using or otherwise accessing the service, you agree to these terms of service.

unless the everyone we may also remove or refuse to distribute any content on the services, suspend or terminate users, and reclaim usernames without liability to you.

unless the everyone we reserve the right to delete or disable content alleged to be infringing and terminate accounts of repeat infringers.

unless the everyone if a court of competent jurisdiction finds the foregoing arbitration provisions invalid or inapplicable, you and duolingo agree that all claims arising out of or related to these terms and conditions must be resolved exclusively by a state or federal court located in the county of allegheny in the commonwealth of pennsylvania, and you and duolingo each agree to submit to the exercise of personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purpose of litigating all such claims.

unless the everyone additionally, we reserve the right to refuse or terminate all or part of our services to anyone for any reason at our discretion.

unless the everyone we are not liable for any claim relating to any content, goods and / or services of third parties.

unless the the fitbit may change or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, any feature or component of the fitbit service at any time without notice.

unless the the under armour reserves the right to cancel discounts and coupon promotions at any time.

unless the everyone if skype needs to withdraw or change the number that has been made available to you, skype will use commercially reasonable endeavours to notify you by e - mail, stating the effective date of the change and where possible, your new number.

unless the the such termination of the services will result in the deactivation or deletion of your account or your access to your account, and the deletion of all content on your account.

unless the everyone 5. 6 you agree that you are solely responsible for - lrb - and that youtube has no responsibility to you or to any third party for - rrb - any breach of your obligations under the terms and for the consequences - lrb - including any loss or damage which youtube may suffer - rrb - of any such breach.

unless the the except where our dispute is being resolved pursuant to an arbitration - lrb - as provided below - rrb -, if you are not a resident of the united states, canada, or brazil, you agree that any claim or dispute you may have against evernote must be resolved exclusively by the courts in zurich, switzerland.

unless the everyone by using the products, you indicate that you accept these terms and that you agree to abide by them.

unless the the if you repeatedly infringe other people's intellectual property rights, we will disable your account when appropriate.

unless the everyone crowdtangle may change these terms of service, as described above, notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in any agreement between you and crowdtangle.

unless the everyone you agree that linden lab will not be liable for any interruption of the service - lrb - whether intentional or not - rrb -, and you understand that except as may otherwise be specifically provided in linden lab's billing policies, posted on applicable areas of the service and / or website - lrb - s - rrb -, you will not be entitled to any refunds of fees or other compensation for interruption of service.

unless the the to the extent not prohibited by law, supercell shall not be liable to you for more than the amount you have paid to supercell in accordance with these terms of service in the six - lrb - 6 - rrb - months immediately preceding the date on which you first assert a claim.

unless the the 9gag, inc may modify and / or eliminate such fee - based services at its discretion.

unless the everyone we can each end this contract anytime we want.

unless the the we also reserve the right to establish limits to the nature or size of storage available to you, the number of transmissions, the ability to send or receive email messages, the nature or size of any index or library information, the nature of, or your continued ability to access or distribute, your content and other data, and impose other limitations at any time, with or without notice.

unless the everyone spotify may change the price for the paid subscriptions, pre - paid period - lrb - for periods not yet paid for - rrb -, or codes from time to time, and will communicate any price changes to you in advance and, if applicable, how to accept those changes.

unless the the the service is evolving and we may require that you accept updates to the service as well as to the terms, community rules, and the zynga privacy policy.

unless the the the instagram parties do not endorse content and specifically disclaim any responsibility or liability to any person or entity for any loss, damage - lrb - whether actual, consequential, punitive or otherwise - rrb -, injury, claim, liability or other cause of any kind or character based upon or resulting from any content.

unless the everyone under no circumstances will crowdtangle parties be responsible for any damage, loss or injury resulting from hacking, tampering or other unauthorized access or use of the service or your account or the information contained therein.

unless the everyone by registering as a member or by using the vimeo service in any way, you accept these terms of service - lrb - ` ` agreement'' - rrb -, which forms a binding agreement between you and vimeo.

unless the everyone we reserve the right to change this user agreement from time to time without notice.

unless the everyone if you select a username or similar identifier for your account or page, we reserve the right to remove or reclaim it if we believe it is appropriate - lrb - such as when a trademark owner complains about a username that does not closely relate to a user's actual name - rrb -.

unless the the rovio may manage, regulate, control, modify or eliminate virtual goods at any time, with or without notice.

unless the the microsoft reserves the right to disqualify you ; disable your access to the program or your rewards account ; and / or withhold points, rewards and charitable contributions, if microsoft believes you are tampering with or abusing any aspect of the program or may be engaging in activities that violate these terms.

unless the the your program account will be cancelled if you do not log in at least once in a 180 - day period.

unless the everyone by using the service - lrb - as defined below - rrb -, you agree to and accept these terms, including important dispute resolution procedures and all policies and terms linked to or otherwise referenced herein, all of which are incorporated into this agreement.

unless the the supercell reserves the right to stop offering and / or supporting the service or a particular game or part of the service at any time, at which point your license to use the service or a part thereof will be automatically terminated.

unless the everyone we are also not responsible for any damage, loss or offense caused or alleged to be caused by, or in connection with, the use of or reliance on such websites or services.

unless the the skype will have no liability for your failed emergency call in such circumstances.

unless the the however, if you keep using the service after the changes are posted, you are agreeing that the changes apply to your continued use of the services.

unless the everyone the company reserves the right - lrb - but has no obligation - rrb -, at its sole discretion and without prior notice to :

unless the everyone solely in respect of users located in the eea and / or australia, the following governing law provisions shall apply : these terms of use and any disputes or claims arising out of or in connection with it shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of england.

unless the everyone if you are a united states resident, judicial proceedings - lrb - other than small claims actions - rrb - that are excluded from the arbitration agreement in section 17 must be brought in state or federal court in san francisco, california, unless we both agree to some other location you and zynga both consent to venue and personal jurisdiction in san francisco, california.

unless the everyone rovio shall have no liability to you or any third party in the event that rovio exercises any such rights.

unless the the both you and dropbox consent to venue and personal jurisdiction in such courts.

unless the everyone your content in memories might become unavailable for any number of reasons, including things like an operational glitch or a decision on our end to terminate your account.

unless the the the provision of virtual items for use in the service is a service provided by tinder that commences immediately upon the acceptance of your purchase of such virtual items.

unless the the we do not endorse or control such third - party properties and we make no representations or warranties of any kind regarding such properties.

unless the the you agree that this agreement and the relationship between you and linden lab shall be governed by the laws of the state of california without regard to conflict of law principles or the united nations convention on the international sale of goods.

unless the the if you reside in brazil, these terms and the relationship between you and evernote - lrb - including any dispute - rrb - shall be governed in all respects by the laws of brazil and shall be considered to have been made and accepted in brazil, without regard to conflict of law provisions.

unless the the if you reside outside the united states these terms and our relationship will be governed by irish law, except for its conflicts of laws principles.

unless the everyone crowdtangle, in its sole discretion, has the right to suspend, terminate or restrict your access to the services, or any other crowdtangle service, for any reason and at any time.

unless the everyone all disputes or claims arising out of or relating to these terms of use shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the english courts to which the parties irrevocably submit.

unless the the these terms of use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of new york, excluding its conflicts of law rules, and the united states of america.

unless the the none of your content will be subject to any obligation of confidence on the part of instagram, and instagram will not be liable for any use or disclosure of any content you provide.

unless the the either party may terminate the services at any time by notifying the other party by any means.

unless the everyone we are not liable or responsible for any consequences of your having read or been told about such advice or other materials as you assume full responsibility for your decisions and actions.

unless the everyone except as otherwise set forth in these terms, these terms shall be exclusively governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the netherlands, excluding its rules on conflicts of laws.

unless the the to the maximum extent permitted by law, supercell shall not be liable to you for any indirect, incidental, consequential, special, punitive or other similar damages, including but not limited to loss of revenues, lost profits, lost data or business interruption or other intangible losses - lrb - however such losses are qualified - rrb -, arising out of or relating in any way to these terms of service or the service itself, whether based on contract, tort or any other legal theory, and whether or not supercell has been advised of the possibility of such damages.

unless the the by accessing our site or by using our service, you indicate that you accept these terms of use and that you agree to abide by them.

unless the everyone disputes : any action arising out of or relating to this agreement or your use of the vimeo service must be commenced in the state or federal courts located in new york county, new york, united states of america - lrb - and you consent to the jurisdiction of those courts - rrb -.

unless the the these terms & conditions - lrb - these ` ` terms'' - rrb - contain the terms and conditions on which we supply content, products or services listed on www. headspace. com - lrb - the ` ` website'' - rrb -, through our applications - lrb - the ` ` apps'' - rrb - or via other delivery methods to you - lrb - the website and such content, products, services and the apps are collectively referred to herein as the ` ` product'' or ` ` products'', which may be updated from time - to - time at the sole discretion of headspace - rrb -.

unless the everyone airbnb may, without prior notice, remove or disable access to any member content that airbnb finds to be in violation of these terms or airbnb's then - current policies or standards, or otherwise may be harmful or objectionable to airbnb, its members, third parties, or property.

unless the the i hereby agree that my use of the world of warcraft service is an acknowledgment of my agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of this agreement.

unless the everyone if we can't, you and we agree to binding individual arbitration before the american arbitration association - lrb - ` ` aaa'' - rrb - under the federal arbitration act - lrb - ` ` faa'' - rrb -, and not to sue in court in front of a judge or jury.

unless the the your continued use of the products constitutes your agreement to abide by the terms as changed.

unless the the all disputes arising out of or in connection with these terms shall be adjudicated exclusively in sweden, with the district court of stockholm as the court of first instance.

unless the everyone if after such notice you fail to take the steps we ask of you, we'll terminate or suspend your access to the services.

unless the the you understand that through your use of the services you consent to the collection and use - lrb - as set forth in the privacy policy - rrb - of this information, including the transfer of this information to the united states, ireland, and / or other countries for storage, processing and use by twitter and its affiliates.

unless the everyone you agree that yahoo may, without prior notice, immediately terminate, limit your access to or suspend your yahoo account, any associated email address, and access to the yahoo services.

unless the everyone any continued use by you of the services following publication or notification of revised terms shall constitute your acceptance to the revised terms.

unless the everyone apart from that, if you are united states resident, these terms and our relationship will be governed by california law, except for its conflicts of laws principles.

unless the the to the extent not prohibited by applicable law, the courts of finland shall have jurisdiction.

unless the the microsoft may at any time regulate, control, modify and / or eliminate the game currency and / or virtual goods as it sees fit in its sole discretion.

unless the the supercell may manage, regulate, control, modify or eliminate virtual items and / or merchandise at any time, with or without notice.

unless the everyone you acknowledge and agree that supercell may update the service and supercell games, with or without notifying you.

unless the the without limiting the liability under article xvii. 1.

unless the everyone we reserve the right to refuse service to anyone, and can monitor, terminate or suspend our services or your account at any time.

unless the everyone we have the right to offer, modify, eliminate, and / or terminate trading items, virtual money, virtual goods, the content, and / or the services, or any portion thereof, at any time, without notice or liability to you.

unless the everyone in no event will the instagram parties be liable to you or anyone else for loss, damage or injury, including, without limitation, death or personal injury.

unless the everyone supercell may revise the pricing for the goods and services offered through the service at any time.

unless the the by installing or otherwise accessing or using the service, you agree that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by this eula.

unless the the by using the services, you hereby acknowledge and agree that you have read and understand this agreement and agree to be legally bound by it.

unless the everyone by using any of the commercial tools, you acknowledge and agree to the terms and any additional terms and conditions applicable to those select services.

unless the the you agree that, to the extent permitted by applicable law, your sole and exclusive remedy for any problems or dissatisfaction with the spotify service is to uninstall any spotify software and to stop using the spotify service.

unless the the without limiting the foregoing, yahoo and its designees shall have the right to remove any content that violates the tos or is otherwise objectionable.

unless the the 10. 1 the licensor is entitled to revise these terms of use at any time.

unless the the in addition, we will not be liable for :

unless the everyone by agreeing to these terms of service, you also agree to arbitrate any and all claims against linden lab pursuant to the federal arbitration act and subject to the terms below - lrb - the ` ` agreement to arbitrate'' - rrb -.

unless the everyone these exclusions or limitations will apply regardless of whether or not dropbox or any of its affiliates has been warned of the possibility of such damages.

unless the everyone amazon takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any content posted by you or any third party.

unless the the you will be deemed to have accepted such changes by continuing to use the rovio services.

unless the everyone these terms contain a binding arbitration agreement and class action waiver, which state that you and onavo agree to resolve certain disputes through binding individual arbitration and give up any right to have those disputes decided by a judge or jury.

unless the the if you are paying a reservation by credit card or debit card processed by enett international - lrb - uk - rrb - limited, the transaction shall be governed by the laws of england and wales, to the extent permitted by applicable laws.

unless the everyone if you are a resident of the united states or any non - european union country : these terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of maryland and controlling u. s. federal law as applicable, without regard to its conflict of law principles.

unless the everyone your written communication may be subject to review, modification, and / or deletion by blizzard entertainment without notice to you.

unless the everyone the company does not guarantee the accuracy, integrity, appropriateness or quality of any user content, and under no circumstances will the company be liable in any way for any user content.

unless the everyone skype may in its sole discretion block, prevent delivery of or otherwise remove the content of communications as part of its effort to protect the software, products or its customers, or otherwise enforce these terms.

unless the the supercell reserves the right to take action as a result, which may include terminating your account and prohibiting you from using the service in whole or in part.

unless the everyone we also retain the right to create limits on use and storage at our sole discretion at any time.

unless the everyone linden lab further reserves the right to terminate usage subscriptions and / or virtual goods and services for cause immediately at its sole discretion without advance notice or liability.

unless the everyone we have the right at our sole discretion to remove any content that, we feel in our judgment does not comply with this user agreement, along with any content that we feel is otherwise offensive, harmful, objectionable, inaccurate, or violates any 3rd party copyrights or trademarks.

unless the everyone we may suspend or stop providing our services to you if you do not comply with our terms or policies or if we are investigating suspected misconduct.

unless the everyone blizzard entertainment does not recognize the transfer of accounts, and any unauthorized transfer of the world of warcraft software will result in the permanent deletion of the account attached to that software.

unless the the we aim to update our site and our service regularly, and may change the content at any time.

unless the everyone - lrb - ii - rrb - any loss or damage due to viruses or other malicious software that may infect your device, computer equipment, software, data or other property caused by you accessing, using or downloading from the products, or from transmissions via emails or attachments received from us.

unless the the if oculus makes changes to these terms, we will provide notice of such changes as appropriate, such as by sending an email notification to the address that you have provided, providing notice through the services and / or updating the ` ` last updated'' date at the top of these terms.

unless the the we reserve the right to suspend or deactivate your account or your access to certain aspects or all of the fitbit service, or to terminate these terms, at our sole discretion, at any time and without notice or liability to you.

unless the everyone our aggregate liability relating to, arising out of, or in any way in connection with masquerade's terms and policies, us, our services, or any content will not exceed the greater of one hundred dollars - lrb - $ 100 - rrb - or the amount you have paid masquerade in the past twelve months.

unless the everyone linden lab reserves the right to modify this agreement and any additional terms, at any time without prior notice - lrb - ` ` updated terms'' - rrb -.

unless the everyone - lrb - h - rrb - we reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to discontinue the provision of your electronic communications, or to terminate or change the terms and conditions on which we provide electronic communications.

unless the the - lrb - iv - rrb - your failure to provide accurate physical location information to an emergency services operative ; or

unless the everyone you agree that all claims you may have against tripadvisor arising from or relating to this website must be heard and resolved in a court of competent subject matter jurisdiction located in the commonwealth of massachusetts.

unless the everyone : if you violate these terms, we may stop providing services to you or we may close your microsoft account or skype account.

unless the everyone while we do not and can not review every message or other material posted or sent by users of the service, and are not responsible for any content of these messages or materials, we reserve the right, but are not obligated, to delete, move, or edit messages or materials, including without limitation property profiles, public postings and messages, that we, in our sole discretion, deem to violate the code of conduct set out above or any applicable content guidelines, or to be otherwise unacceptable.

unless the the we may change, suspend or end any service, or change and modify prices prospectively in our discretion.

unless the the other than for the types of liability we can not limit by law - lrb - as described in this section - rrb -, we limit our liability to you to the greater of $ 20 usd or 100 % of any amount you've paid under your current service plan with dropbox.

unless the the the merchant has the ability to change its pricing or terminate its product availability at anytime.

unless the everyone we may change our service plans and the price of our service from time to time ; however, any price changes or changes to our service plans will apply to you no earlier than 30 days following notice to you.

unless the the you and headspace consent to the personal jurisdiction of both courts.

unless the the we may suspend or terminate your account or cease providing you with all or part of the services at any time for any or no reason, including, but not limited to, if we reasonably believe : - lrb - i - rrb - you have violated these terms or the twitter rules, - lrb - ii - rrb - you create risk or possible legal exposure for us ; - lrb - iii - rrb - your account should be removed due to prolonged inactivity ; or - lrb - iv - rrb - our provision of the services to you is no longer commercially viable.

unless the everyone 8. 1. 2 viber may change the rates for calling phones at any time without notice to you by posting such change at http : / / account. viber. com /.

unless the the we strive to keep the services up and running ; however, all online services suffer occasional disruptions and outages, and microsoft is not liable for any disruption or loss you may suffer as a result.

unless the the we may change or otherwise modify the agreement in the future in accordance with the terms and conditions herein, and you understand and agree that your continued access or use of this website after such change signifies your acceptance of the updated or modified agreement.

unless the everyone you agree that we shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of any part of the service.

unless the the linden lab may, but will not have the obligation to, display, maintain, or otherwise make use of, any of your user content, and linden lab may, in its sole discretion, modify, delete, or otherwise make use of user content without notice or any liability to you or any third party.

unless the the in the event that this arbitration agreement is for any reason held to be unenforceable, any litigation against the company - lrb - except for small - claims court actions - rrb - may be commenced only in the federal or state courts located in dallas county, texas.

unless the the to the extent the parties are permitted under these terms to initiate litigation in a court, both you and snap group limited agree that all claims and disputes - lrb - whether contractual or otherwise - rrb - arising out of or relating to the terms or the use of the services will be litigated exclusively in the courts of england in the united kingdom, unless this is prohibited by the laws of the country where you reside.

unless the everyone skype is not responsible for such third party websites or the availability of such websites and does not endorse any content or material on such third party websites.

unless the everyone if you are a resident of the united states, these terms of service and any dispute arising out of or related to it or privacy policy or the service shall be governed in all respects by california law, without regard to conflict of law provisions.

unless the everyone you will not be entitled to claim damages for such suspension or limitation of the use of any software, product or skype website.

unless the the skype may change the charges payable for the purchase of such products at any time without any notice to you.

unless the the the licensee's use of the service may also be subject to other local, state, national or international laws.

unless the the we reserve the right to disallow, cancel, remove, or reassign certain usernames and permalinks in appropriate circumstances, as determined by us in our sole discretion, and may, with or without prior notice, suspend or terminate your account if activities occur on your account which, in our sole discretion, would or might constitute a violation of this eula, cause damage to or impair the service, infringe or violate any third party rights, or violate any applicable laws or regulations.

unless the the vivino reserves the right to refuse registration of, or cancel a user name in its sole discretion.

unless the everyone subject to the terms of this agreement, we reserve the right to limit the availability of, restrict access to, or discontinue the service and / or any content, program, product, service or other feature described or available on the service to any person, entity, geographic area, or jurisdiction, at any time and in our sole discretion, and to limit the quantities of any content, program, product, service, or other feature that we provide.

unless the everyone skype reserves the right to change the fair usage policy at any time.

unless the the your continued use of any of our services will be deemed as your acceptance of any revisions.

unless the everyone the laws of the state of california will govern these terms of service, as well as any claim that might arise between you and us, without regard to conflict of law provisions.

unless the the in no event shall the aggregate liability of the oculus parties arising out of or relating to the use of or inability to use the services exceed the greater of one hundred us dollars - lrb - $ 100 - rrb - or the amount that you paid us to use our services.

unless the everyone thereafter, you expressly agree to be bound by any such amended terms and conditions.

unless the the - lrb - a - rrb - any indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages ; or

unless the everyone and we may suspend or stop a service altogether.

unless the everyone you agree to submit to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of the courts located within san mateo county, california - lrb - and, for the avoidance of doubt, to exclude the jurisdiction of any other court - rrb - for the purpose of litigating all such claims or disputes.

unless the everyone we reserve the right - lrb - but are not required - rrb - to remove or disable access to the fitbit service, any fitbit content, or your content at any time and without notice, and at our sole discretion, if we determine that the fitbit content, your content, or your use of the fitbit service is objectionable or in violation of these terms.

unless the the if we can't resolve our dispute through customer service, you and zynga or any member of the zynga corporate family all agree to resolve any claims relating to the terms, the privacy policy, feature terms or zynga's services through final and binding arbitration.

unless the the in no event shall the protected entities be liable for or in connection with any content posted, transmitted, exchanged or received by or on behalf of any user or other person on or through the products.

unless the the you acknowledge that supercell is not required to provide a refund for any reason, and that you will not receive money or other compensation for unused virtual items when an account is closed, whether such closure was voluntary or involuntary.

unless the the if you are a whatsapp user located in the united states or canada, our terms contain a binding arbitration provision, which states that, except if you opt out and except for certain types of disputes, whatsapp and you agree to resolve all disputes through binding individual arbitration, which means that you waive any right to have those disputes decided by a judge or jury, and that you waive your right to participate in class actions, class arbitrations, or representative actions.

unless the the further, you and linden lab agree to submit to the exclusive personal jurisdiction and venue of the courts located in the city and county of san francisco, california, except as provided in section 10 regarding arbitration.

unless the the duolingo may, in its sole discretion and at any time, update, change, suspend, make improvements to or discontinue any aspect of the service, temporarily or permanently.

unless the the all liability of vivino, its directors, employees, agents, representatives, partners, suppliers or content providers howsoever arising for any loss suffered as a result of your use the site, service, content, user submissions or add - to link is expressly excluded to the fullest extent permitted by law, save that, if a court of competent jurisdiction determines that liability of vivino, its directors, employees, agents, representatives, partners, suppliers or content providers - lrb - as applicable - rrb - has arisen, the total of such liability shall be limited in aggregate to one hundred us dollars - lrb - $ 100 - rrb -.

unless the everyone the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of any ip protection action or, if you timely provide niantic with an arbitration opt - out notice, will be the state and federal courts located in the northern district of california, and each of the parties hereto waives any objection to jurisdiction and venue in such courts.

unless the everyone supercell reserves the right, at its discretion, to change, modify, add or remove portions of these terms of service, its privacy policy and other relevant supercell policies at any time by posting the amended terms on the supercell service.

unless the the 5. 1 you or we may terminate your account - lrb - s - rrb - at any time.

unless the everyone the laws of the state of california will govern this statement, as well as any claim that might arise between you and us, without regard to conflict of law provisions.

unless the everyone violation of any of the rules of conduct set forth above may result in actions being taken by blizzard entertainment, effective immediately or at a time determined by blizzard entertainment, which may include without limitation : temporarily suspending your access to world of warcraft, permanently terminating your access to world of warcraft - lrb - see article xv, section 2 below - rrb -, modify a character or an account, including without limitation, reducing or removing experience points, skills, levels, in - game currency or items ; or temporarily or permanently suspend, or terminate, your access to an account that you use to access the service.

unless the the you can't recover any other damages or losses, including direct, consequential, lost profits, special, indirect, incidental, or punitive.

unless the everyone some advertising or other messaging content we provide will be based upon information provided by third parties, and we shall not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred by you as a result of any advertisements or other messages.

unless the the your continued use of the service after the date the modified terms are posted will constitute your acceptance of the modified terms.

unless the the the company does not pre - screen any user content, but reserves the right to remove, disallow, block or delete any user content in its sole discretion.

unless the everyone we both agree that all of these claims can only be litigated in the federal or state courts in santa clara county, california, usa, and we each agree to personal jurisdiction in those courts.

unless the everyone 8. 1. 1 the rates for calling landlines and mobile phones outside of the viber community consist of a per - minute rate as set out on http : / / account. viber. com /.

unless the the by creating a tinder account or by using the tinder imessage app - lrb - ` ` tinder stacks'' - rrb -, whether through a mobile device, mobile application or computer - lrb - collectively, the ` ` service'' - rrb - you agree to be bound by - lrb - i - rrb - these terms of use, - lrb - ii - rrb - our privacy policy and safety tips, each of which is incorporated by reference into this agreement, and - lrb - iii - rrb - any terms disclosed and agreed to by you if you purchase additional features, products or services we offer on the service - lrb - collectively, this ` ` agreement'' - rrb -.

unless the the such third party content, websites and services may be subject to the respective third party terms and conditions and truecaller will not be liable for any such third party content, websites or services.

unless the the you and we irrevocably consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state or federal courts in king county, washington, for all disputes arising out of or relating to these terms or the services that are heard in court - lrb - excluding arbitration and small claims court - rrb -.

unless the everyone nintendo may also terminate this agreement, or any part of this agreement, at any time, for legal, technical or commercial reasons.

unless the the we are not responsible for and do not give any warranties or make any representations regarding any causes that are introduced and do not give any warranties and are not responsible for or liable in relation to involvement in these causes or any outcome from any involvement.

unless the the however, vivino reserves the right to - lrb - i - rrb - remove, suspend, edit or modify any content in its sole discretion, including without limitation any user submissions at any time, without notice to you and for any reason - lrb - including, but not limited to, upon receipt of claims or allegations from third parties or authorities relating to such content or if vivino is concerned that you may have violated these terms of use - rrb -, or for no reason at all and - lrb - ii - rrb - to remove, suspend or block any user submissions from the service.

unless the the 15. 3 without limiting our rights specified below, airbnb may terminate this agreement for convenience at any time by giving you thirty - lrb - 30 - rrb - days'notice via email to your registered email address.

unless the the you agree not to hold linden lab liable for the content, actions, or inactions of other users.

unless the the 7. 8 on becoming aware of any potential violation of these terms, youtube reserves the right - lrb - but shall have no obligation - rrb - to decide whether content complies with the content requirements set out in these terms and may remove such content and / or terminate a user's access for uploading content which is in violation of these terms at any time, without prior notice and at its sole discretion.

unless the everyone 9gag, inc may change its prices at any time but will provide you reasonable notice of any such changes by posting the new prices on the site and by sending you email notification.

unless the the if you do not pay the fees or charges due for your use of the premium services, we may make reasonable efforts to notify you and resolve the issue ; however, we reserve the right to disable or terminate your access to the premium services - lrb - and may do so without notice - rrb -.

unless the the as such, we are not liable for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with the use of or reliance on any such social networking services.

unless the the the company may modify, revalue, or make gifts more or less common, valuable, effective, or functional.

unless the the 11. 5 the applicable law and venue is in san francisco, california.

unless the the except to the extent they are preempted by u. s. federal law, the laws of california, other than its conflict - of - laws principles, govern these terms and any disputes arising out of or relating to these terms or their subject matter, including tort claims.

unless the the however, we will not be responsible for any errors or omissions in relation to such content or for any technical problems you may experience with our site or our service.

unless the everyone truecaller shall not be liable for the validity, reliability or correctness of the content and information provided through and in connection with use of the services.

unless the everyone niantic further reserves the right to remove any user content from the services at any time and without notice and for any reason.

unless the everyone 14. 6 the terms, and your relationship with youtube under the terms, shall be governed by english law.

unless the everyone subject to the limitations set out in these terms and conditions and to the extent permitted by law, we shall only be liable for direct damages actually suffered, paid or incurred by you due to an attributable shortcoming of our obligations in respect to our services, up to an aggregate amount of the aggregate cost of your reservation as set out in the confirmation email - lrb - whether for one event or series of connected events - rrb -.

unless the everyone if you reside outside of the united states, canada, and brazil, these terms and the relationship between you and evernote - lrb - including any dispute - rrb - shall be governed in all respects by the laws of switzerland and shall be considered to have been made and accepted in switzerland, without regard to conflict of law provisions.

unless the everyone skype may change its calling rates at any time without notice to you by posting such change at www. skype. com / go / allrates.

unless the everyone the licensee's rights under the license shall terminate automatically without notice from the licensor if the licensee fails to comply with any term or condition of these terms of use.

unless the the by using our services, you agree to be bound by these terms.

unless the the for the avoidance of doubt, the company will not be liable for any unauthorized use of user content by any user.

unless the the these terms and conditions, its subject matter and duolingo's and your respective rights under these terms and conditions, as well as and any claim, cause of action or dispute - lrb - ` ` claim'' - rrb - arising out of or related to these terms and conditions, shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the commonwealth of pennsylvania, united states of america, excluding the conflict of law provisions of that or any other jurisdiction, regardless of your country of origin or where you access the service.

unless the everyone to the maximum extent permissible under applicable laws, the total liability of zynga and / or the zynga affiliates is limited to the total amount you have paid zynga and / or the zynga affiliate in the one hundred and eighty days - lrb - 180 - rrb - days immediately preceding the date on which you first assert any such claim.

unless the the any use of the interactive areas or other portions of this website in violation of the foregoing violates the terms of this agreement and may result in, among other things, termination or suspension of your rights to use the interactive areas and / or this website.

unless the the in particular, and without limitation, truecaller shall have no liability for any information stored or processed within the services, including the costs of recovering such information.

unless the everyone by accessing or using the instagram website, the instagram service, or any applications - lrb - including mobile applications - rrb - made available by instagram - lrb - together, the ` ` service'' - rrb -, however accessed, you agree to be bound by these terms of use - lrb - ` ` terms of use'' - rrb -.

unless the everyone any such sale, transfer, or exchange - lrb - or attempt to do so - rrb - is prohibited and may result in the termination of your account.

unless the everyone violation of these terms of use may, in instagram's sole discretion, result in termination of your instagram account.

unless the everyone likewise, except as set forth in this section or as required by applicable law, the company is not responsible for repairing or replacing your gifts, or providing you with any credit or refund or any other sum, in the event of : - lrb - i - rrb - the company's change, suspension or termination of any gifts ; or - lrb - ii - rrb - for loss or damage due to service error, or any other reason.

unless the the you expressly understand and agree that yahoo and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, employees, agents, partners and licensors shall not be liable to you for any punitive, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or exemplary damages, including, but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data or other intangible losses - lrb - even if yahoo has been advised of the possibility of such damages - rrb -, resulting from : - lrb - a - rrb - the use or the inability to use the yahoo service ; - lrb - b - rrb - the cost of procurement of substitute goods and services ; - lrb - c - rrb - unauthorized access to or alteration of your transmissions or data ; - lrb - d - rrb - statements or conduct of any third party on the yahoo service ; or - lrb - e - rrb - any other matter relating to the yahoo service.

unless the everyone by installing, accessing or using the rovio services, you consent to these information collection and usage terms, including - lrb - where applicable - rrb - the transfer of data into a country outside of the european union and / or the european economic area or the united states of america.

unless the everyone you agree that neither 9gag, inc nor the site will be liable in any event to you or any other party for any suspension, modification, discontinuance or lack of availability of the site, the service, your subscriber content or other content.

unless the the we may add or remove functionalities or features.

unless the the neither fitbit, its suppliers, or licensors, nor any other party involved in creating, producing, or delivering the fitbit service will be liable for any incidental, special, exemplary, or consequential damages, including lost profits, loss of data or goodwill, service interruption, computer damage, or system failure or the cost of substitute services arising out of or in connection with these terms or from the use of or inability to use the fitbit service, whether based on warranty, contract, tort - lrb - including negligence - rrb -, product liability, or any other legal theory, and whether or not fitbit has been informed of the possibility of such damage, even if a limited remedy set forth herein is found to have failed of its essential purpose.

unless the everyone to the maximum extent permitted by applicable laws, we may change our prices for premium services at any time.

unless the everyone 5. 5 as part of this continuing innovation, you acknowledge and agree that youtube may stop - lrb - permanently or temporarily - rrb - providing the service - lrb - or any features within the service - rrb - to you or to users generally at youtube's sole discretion, without prior notice to you.

unless the the vivino may terminate your access to all or any part of the service at any time, with or without cause, with or without notice, effective immediately, which may result in the forfeiture and destruction of all information associated with your membership.

unless the everyone 6. 4 in no event shall the licensor's total liability to the licensee for all damages exceed the amount of fifty euros - lrb - $ 50. 00 - rrb -.

unless the the your continued use of the service, following the amendment of the agreement, constitutes your acknowledgement and consent of such amendments to the agreement.

unless the everyone masquerade may remove any content from the services at our discretion, including if we believe it violates our terms and policies.

unless the the by accessing and using the yahoo services, you accept and agree to be bound by the terms and provision of the tos.

unless the everyone in no event will rovio, rovio's affiliates, rovio's licensors or channel partners be liable for special, incidental or consequential damages resulting from possession, access, use or malfunction of the rovio services, including but not limited to, damages to property, loss of goodwill, computer failure or malfunction and, to the extent permitted by law, damages for personal injuries, property damage, lost profits or punitive damages from any causes of action arising out of or related to this eula or the software, whether arising in tort - lrb - including negligence - rrb -, contract, strict liability or otherwise and whether or not rovio, rovio's licensors or channel partners have been advised of the possibility of such damages.

unless the everyone if you are a masquerade user located in the united states or canada, our terms contain a binding arbitration provision, which states that, except if you opt out and except for certain types of disputes, masquerade and you agree to resolve all disputes through binding individual arbitration, which means that you waive your right to participate in class actions, class arbitrations, or representative actions.

unless the everyone you and oculus agree that these terms affect interstate commerce and that the enforceability of section 18 shall be governed by, construed and enforced, both substantively and procedurally, by the us federal arbitration act, title 9 - lrb - 1 - rrb - et seq..

unless the the subject as provided below, neither deliveroo nor any partner restaurant shall have have any liability to you for any direct, indirect, special or consequential losses or damages arising in contract, tort - lrb - including negligence - rrb - or otherwise arising from your use of or your inability to use our service.

unless the the yahoo provides the yahoo services - lrb - defined below - rrb - to you subject to the following terms of service - lrb - ` ` tos'' - rrb -, which may be updated by us from time to time without notice to you.

unless the the these terms and any action related thereto will be governed by the laws of the state of california without regard to its conflict of laws provisions.

unless the everyone you are expected to check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we make, as they are binding on you.

unless the everyone you acknowledge and agree that the form and nature of the service which youtube provides may change from time to time without prior notice to you.

unless the everyone if you are a resident outside of the united states, you agree that all disputes between you and supercell shall be governed by the laws of finland, without regard to conflict of law provisions.

unless the the we may suspend, or terminate your access to or use of our services anytime for any reason, such as if you violate the letter or spirit of our terms and polices, or create harm, risk, or possible legal exposure for us, our users, or others.

unless the the under no circumstances will yahoo be liable in any way for any content, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any content, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any content posted, emailed, transmitted or otherwise made available via the yahoo services.

unless the the we are not responsible for any loss or damage that is not foreseeable.

unless the the by accessing or using any of the services, you agree to be bound by these terms.

unless the everyone 18. 9 these terms other than paragraph 20. 3 shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of luxembourg and shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the courts of the district of luxembourg.

unless the everyone we will not be liable to you for any lack of performance, or the unavailability or failure, of the products, or for any failure or delay by us to comply with these terms, where such lack, unavailability or failure arises from any cause beyond our reasonable control.

unless the the the most recent version of this agreement will be posted on the services under settings and also on gotinder. com, and you should regularly check for the most recent version.

unless the everyone the company reserves the right to terminate gifts for cause immediately at its sole discretion without advance notice or liability.

unless the the judicial forum for disputes : except as otherwise required by applicable law, in the event that the agreement to arbitrate is found not to apply to you or your claim, you and fitbit agree that any judicial proceeding - lrb - other than small claims actions - rrb - will be brought in the federal or state courts of san francisco county, california.

unless the everyone as each country has laws that may differ from those of ca, by accessing our website, you agree that the statutes and laws of ca, without regard to the conflict of laws and the united nations convention on the international sales of goods, will apply to all matters relating to the use of this website and the purchase of any products or services through this site.

unless the the in particular, to the extent permitted by applicable law, we are not liable for any claims arising out of - lrb - a - rrb - your use of the services - lrb - including but not limited to your participation in any activities promoted by or accessed via the services - rrb -, - lrb - b - rrb - the use, disclosure, display, or maintenance of an athlete's personal data and / or location data, - lrb - c - rrb - any other interactions with us or any other athletes using the services, even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages, or - lrb - d - rrb - other content, information, services or goods received through or advertised on the services or received through any links provided with the services.

unless the the we may delete or terminate accounts that are inactive - lrb - i. e., not logged into - rrb - for 180 days.

unless the everyone you acknowledge that zynga and the zynga affiliates are not liable - lrb - 1 - rrb - for any indirect, incidental, special, exemplary or consequential damages, including for loss of profits, goodwill or data, in any way whatsoever arising out of the use of, or inability to use, the service ; or - lrb - 2 - rrb - for the conduct of third parties, including other users of the service and operators of external sites.

unless the the this is indicated in the chart as well. - rrb -

unless the the the company does not warrant, endorse and will not be liable to any damage or claim for any user submissions, including without limitation, its accuracy, engagement with commercial activity, spam, or any attempts to defraud or manipulate other users with deceptive means or misrepresentation.

unless the everyone if you ever wish to seek any relief from us, you agree to do it only through arbitration, and you waive the ability to pursue class action.

unless the the under no circumstances will the instagram parties be liable to you for any loss or damages of any kind - lrb - including, without limitation, for any direct, indirect, economic, exemplary, special, punitive, incidental or consequential losses or damages - rrb - that are directly or indirectly related to : - lrb - a - rrb - the service ; - lrb - b - rrb - the instagram content ; - lrb - c - rrb - user content ; - lrb - d - rrb - your use of, inability to use, or the performance of the service ; - lrb - e - rrb - any action taken in connection with an investigation by the instagram parties or law enforcement authorities regarding your or any other party's use of the service ; - lrb - f - rrb - any action taken in connection with copyright or other intellectual property owners ; - lrb - g - rrb - any errors or omissions in the service's operation ; or - lrb - h - rrb - any damage to any user's computer, mobile device, or other equipment or technology including, without limitation, damage from any security breach or from any virus, bugs, tampering, fraud, error, omission, interruption, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer line or network failure or any other technical or other malfunction, including, without limitation, damages for lost profits, loss of goodwill, loss of data, work stoppage, accuracy of results, or computer failure or malfunction, even if foreseeable or even if the instagram parties have been advised of or should have known of the possibility of such damages, whether in an action of contract, negligence, strict liability or tort - lrb - including, without limitation, whether caused in whole or in part by negligence, acts of god, telecommunications failure, or theft or destruction of the service - rrb -.

unless the the vimeo reserves the right to modify the vimeo service.

unless the everyone to the extent permitted by law, we exclude all liability - lrb - whether arising in contract, in negligence or otherwise - rrb - for loss or damage which you or any third party may incur in connection with our site, our service, and any website linked to our site and any materials posted on it.

unless the the to the extent permissible under applicable law, spotify reserves the right, periodically and at any time, to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, functions and features of the spotify service, with or without notice, all without liability to you, except where prohibited by law, for any interruption, modification, or discontinuation of the spotify service or any function or feature thereof.

unless the the linden lab may suspend or terminate your account at any time for any reason.

unless the the rovio reserves the right, at its discretion, to change, modify, add or remove portions of this eula by posting the updated eula on rovio's website.

unless the the your continued use of our services confirms your acceptance of our terms, as amended.

unless the the but if, for any reason, any court with competent jurisdiction or any arbitrator selected pursuant to this arbitration provision holds that this restriction, limiting the arbitration to dispute - lrb - s - rrb - between you and linden lab, is unenforceable, then our agreement above to arbitrate will not apply and the dispute must be brought exclusively in the state or federal courts of san francisco county, california.

unless the the you agree that yahoo has no responsibility or liability for the deletion or failure to store any messages and other communications or other content maintained or transmitted by the yahoo services.

unless the the to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event shall crowdtangle, facebook, its affiliates, agents, directors, employees, suppliers or licensors - lrb - ` ` crowdtangle parties'' - rrb - be liable for any indirect, punitive, incidental, special, consequential or exemplary damages, including without limitation damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data or other intangible losses, arising out of or relating to the use of, or inability to use, these services.

unless the everyone duolingo may amend, update or change these terms and conditions.

unless the everyone you acknowledge that breaching travel provider terms could result in the cancellation of tickets or reservations, revocation of frequent flier miles and other benefits, and additional charges.

unless the the - lrb - b - rrb - to the extent permitted by law, headspace and its affiliates, suppliers, clients, or licensors - lrb - collectively, the ` ` protected entities'' - rrb - shall not be liable for any consequential, exemplary or punitive damages arising from, or directly or indirectly related to, the use of, or the inability to use, the products or the content, materials and functions related thereto, your provision of information via the products, or lost business or lost sales, or any errors, viruses or bugs contained in the products, even if such protected entity has been advised of the possibility of such damages.

unless the everyone except where prohibited, you and we agree to submit to the personal and exclusive arbitration of disputes relating to your general use of the services under the rules of the american arbitration association.

unless the everyone by signing up or otherwise using the spotify service, websites, and software applications - lrb - together, the ` ` spotify service'' or ` ` service'' - rrb -, or accessing any content or material that is made available by spotify through the service - lrb - the ` ` content'' - rrb - you are entering into a binding contract with the spotify entity indicated at the bottom of this document.

unless the everyone limit your access to or use of the airbnb platform ;

unless the the if you are not subject to the ` ` special arbitration provision for united states or canada users'' section below, you agree that you will resolve any claim you have with us relating to, arising out of, or in any way in connection with our terms, us, or our services - lrb - each, a ` ` dispute,'' and together, ` ` disputes'' - rrb - exclusively in the united states district court for the northern district of california or a state court located in san mateo county in california, and you agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purpose of litigating all such disputes.

unless the the we have the right to limit how you connect and interact on our services.

unless the everyone where other third party services are made available as part of our services, then the respective third party terms of service and privacy policy shall apply to any such use by you.

unless the everyone - lrb - ii - rrb - your failure to make additional arrangements to access emergency services in accordance with paragraph 5. 5 above ;

unless the the we retain the right, in our sole discretion, to implement new elements as part of and / or ancillary to the service, including changes that may affect the previous mode of operation of the service or evernote software.

unless the everyone termination of your account can include disabling your access to the service or any part thereof including any content you submitted or others submitted.

unless the everyone we reserve the right to make changes to our site, policies, service terms, and these conditions of use at any time.

unless the everyone any violation by you of the terms of this section may result in immediate termination of your accounts without any refund or other compensation.

unless the everyone the company reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to periodically amend or revise the terms of this agreement ; material changes will be effective immediately upon the publication of the amended agreement.

unless the everyone notwithstanding this, you agree that youtube shall still be allowed to apply for injunctive remedies - lrb - or other equivalent types of urgent legal remedy - rrb - in any jurisdiction.

unless the everyone these terms of use and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with them or their subject matter or formation - lrb - including non - contractual disputes or claims - rrb - shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of england and wales.

unless the everyone we retain the right at our sole discretion to deny access to anyone to this website and the services we offer, at any time and for any reason, including, but not limited to, for violation of this agreement.

unless the everyone you should look at the terms regularly.

unless the the these are provided for your convenience and we are not responsible for and do not give any warranties or make any representations regarding any external links and are not responsible for or liable in relation to the content or your use of any external links.

unless the the temporarily or in case of severe or repeated offenses permanently suspend your airbnb account.

unless the the if you continue to use the services after the changes become effective, then you agree to the revised agreement.

unless the the we reserve the right to monitor, remove or modify user - generated content for any reason and at any time, including user - generated content that we believe violates these terms, the community guidelines, and / or our policies.

unless the everyone whilst skype takes no responsibility for such products or services, if you encounter any problems with payment for or download, use of installation of such products or services, skype will use commercially reasonable endeavours to assist or resolve the problems.

unless the everyone accordingly, you acknowledge and agree that the products and functionality of the software may vary from time to time.

unless the the your continued use of our services after we publish or send a notice about our changes to these terms means that you are consenting to the updated terms.

unless the the however, we do reserve the right, and have absolute discretion, to remove, screen or edit user content at any time and for any reason.

unless the the except as may be provided in any additional terms, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, in no event will linden lab's cumulative liability to you exceed the greater of - lrb - i - rrb - one hundred dollars - lrb - u. s. $ 100. 00 - rrb - ; or - lrb - ii - rrb - the fees, if any, paid by you for use of the service ; provided, however, this provision will not apply if a tribunal with applicable jurisdiction finds such to be unconscionable.

unless the the failure to comply with section 3 - lrb - acceptable use - rrb - and / or 5 - lrb - content standards - rrb - in these terms of use constitutes a material breach of the terms of use, and may result in our taking all or any of the following actions :

unless the the crowdtangle may terminate the license granted per these terms of service at any time at its discretion.

unless the the therefore you must look at the terms regularly to check for such changes.

unless the everyone we may change our seller fees from time to time by posting the changes on the ebay site 14 days in advance, but with no advance notice required for temporary promotions or any changes that result in the reduction of fees.

unless the everyone this remedy doesn't fully compensate you for any losses ; or

unless the everyone upon any such suspension, deactivation, or termination, we may delete or remove your content and other information related to your account.

unless the everyone if you violate the letter or spirit of this statement, or otherwise create risk or possible legal exposure for us, we can stop providing all or part of facebook to you.

unless the the we may suspend or terminate your use of the products as a result of your fraud or breach of any obligation under these terms.

unless the the this agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of delaware without regard to the conflict of laws provisions thereof.

unless the the linkedin reserves the right to limit your use of the services, including the number of your connections and your ability to contact other members.

unless the everyone we reserve the right at any time to change and update our pricing and inventory of virtual money and virtual goods.

unless the everyone tinder may terminate your account at any time without notice if it believes that you have violated this agreement.

unless the the the english courts will have jurisdiction over any claim arising from, or related to, any use of our services.

unless the the these terms and any action related thereto will be governed by the laws of the state of california without regard to its conflict of laws provisions.

unless the everyone we reserve the right to adjust, refuse or remove reviews at our sole discretion.

unless the the in no event will the instagram parties total liability to you for all damages, losses or causes or action exceed one hundred united states dollars - lrb - $ 100. 00 - rrb -.

unless the everyone the whatsapp parties will not be liable to you for any lost profits or consequential, special, punitive, indirect, or incidental damages relating to, arising out of, or in any way in connection with our terms, us, or our services, even if the whatsapp parties have been advised of the possibility of such damages.

unless the everyone yahoo may, in appropriate circumstances and at its discretion, disable and / or terminate the accounts of users who may be repeat infringers.

unless the the if you don't pay for your paid account on time, we reserve the right to suspend it or reduce your storage to free space levels.

unless the everyone likewise, except as set forth above, in any additional terms, or as required by applicable law, linden lab is not responsible for repairing, replacing or restoring access to your usage subscription, or virtual goods and services - lrb - including any virtual space or other virtual tender associated with each product, as further described in an applicable product policy - rrb -, or providing you with any credit or refund or any other sum, in the event of : - lrb - a - rrb - linden lab's change, suspension or termination of any usage subscription or virtual goods and services - lrb - including any virtual space or other virtual tender associated with each product, as further described in an applicable product policy - rrb - ; or - lrb - b - rrb - for loss or damage due to website or server error, or any other reason.

unless the the the company may terminate, suspend, warn or take other appropriate actions against users for posting objectionable content to the service, including, but not limited to, the removal of all user content uploaded to the service by a user.

unless the the in no event will duolingo be liable to you or any third party claiming through you - lrb - whether based in contract, tort, strict liability or other theory - rrb - for indirect, incidental, special, consequential or exemplary damages arising out of or relating to the access or use of, or the inability to access or use, the service or any portion thereof, including but not limited to the loss of use of the service, inaccurate results, loss of profits, business interruption, or damages stemming from loss or corruption of data or data being rendered inaccurate, the cost of recovering any data, the cost of substitute services or claims by third parties for any damage to computers, software, modems, telephones or other property, even if duolingo has been advised of the possibility of such damages.

unless the everyone we reserve the right, but are not obligated, to remove or disable access to any content, at any time and without notice, including but not limited to, if we, at our sole discretion, consider any content to be objectionable or in violation of these terms.

unless the the you hereby expressly agree, that to the fullest extent not prohibited by the applicable law, that the company shall not be liable, in any event, for :

unless the the tinder takes no responsibility for any content that you or another user or third party posts, sends or receives through the services.

unless the everyone to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, in no event will tinder, its affiliates, employees, licensors or service providers be liable for any indirect, consequential, exemplary, incidental, special or punitive damages, including, without limitation, loss of profits, whether incurred directly or indirectly, or any loss of data, use, goodwill, or other intangible losses, resulting from : - lrb - i - rrb - your access to or use of or inability to access or use the services, - lrb - ii - rrb - the conduct or content of other users or third parties on, through, or following use of the services ; or - lrb - iii - rrb - unauthorized access, use or alteration of your content, even if tinder has been advised of the possibility of such damages.

unless the everyone when permitted by law, google, and google's suppliers and distributors, will not be responsible for lost profits, revenues, or data, financial losses or indirect, special, consequential, exemplary, or punitive damages.

unless the everyone snap group limited may also terminate these terms with you at any time, for any reason.

unless the everyone skype reserves the right to change the terms related to skype numbers and / or skype to go numbers, including without limitation to impose or amend any residency requirements and / or require the provision of further user information for continued access to such numbers.

unless the the we reserve the right to revoke the free trial and put your account on hold in the event that we determine that you are not eligible.

unless the the we may revise these terms of use at any time by amending this page.

unless the everyone by using the services or agreeing to these terms, you consent to microsoft's collection, use and disclosure of your content and data as described in the privacy statement.

unless the the we may terminate your account if you repeatedly infringe the intellectual property rights of others.

unless the everyone it is fitbit's policy, in appropriate circumstances and at our discretion, to disable or terminate the accounts of users who repeatedly infringe the rights of copyright holders.

unless the everyone skyscanner may suspend your use of the skyscanner services and / or skyscanner platforms without notice at any time, without incurring any liability to you whatsoever.

unless the the except as otherwise described in the service's privacy policy, available at http : / / instagram. com / legal / privacy /, as between you and instagram, any content will be non - confidential and non - proprietary and we will not be liable for any use or disclosure of content.

unless the the as the nintendo account service is for your own personal recreational and non - commercial use, we are also not responsible for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, loss of data or loss of business opportunity.

unless the everyone you also acknowledge that a variety of evernote actions may impair or prevent you from accessing your content or using the service at certain times and / or in the same way, for limited periods or permanently, and agree that evernote has no responsibility or liability as a result of any such actions or results, including, without limitation, for the deletion of, or failure to make available to you, any content.

unless the everyone you hereby agree that all disputes between you and the company - lrb - whether or not such dispute involves a third party - rrb - arising out of or in connection with your relationship with the company, including without limitation disputes related to the terms of this agreement or the privacy policy, your use of the service, and / or rights of privacy and / or publicity, will be finally settled by binding, individual arbitration under the rules of arbitration of the international chamber of commerce by one arbitrator appointed in accordance with the said rules.

unless the everyone we won't provide notice before termination where : - lrb - a - rrb - you're in material breach of these terms, - lrb - b - rrb - doing so would cause us legal liability or compromise our ability to provide the services to our other users, or - lrb - c - rrb - we're prohibited from doing so by law.

unless the the however, because we want to protect you and other users and make sure your experience is positive, we reserve the right at all times - lrb - but will not have an obligation - rrb - to remove or refuse to distribute any user content on the service, to suspend or terminate users, and to block participants of viber public chats without liability to us, including where such user content, in our sole discretion, violates these terms, including these house rules, the public chat & public accounts terms & guidelines or any additional terms, or that we otherwise find objectionable.

unless the everyone you agree that we may notify you of the updated terms by posting them on the service, and that your use of the service after the effective date of the updated terms - lrb - or engaging in such other conduct as we may reasonably specify - rrb - constitutes your agreement to the updated terms.

unless the the spotify may terminate the agreements or suspend your access to the spotify service at any time, including in the event of your actual or suspected unauthorised use of the spotify service and / or content, or non - compliance with the agreements.

unless the the in countries where the following types of exclusions aren't allowed, we're responsible to you only for losses and damages that are a reasonably foreseeable result of our failure to use reasonable care and skill or our breach of our contract with you.

unless the the it is niantic's policy to terminate in appropriate circumstances account holders who repeatedly infringe or are believed to be repeatedly infringing the rights of copyright holders.

unless the the we may modify these terms at any time.

unless the everyone you expressly understand and agree that evernote, its subsidiaries, affiliates, service providers, and licensors, and our and their respective officers, employees, agents and successors shall not be liable to you for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or exemplary damages, including but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data, cover or other intangible losses - lrb - even if evernote has been advised of the possibility of such damages - rrb - resulting from : - lrb - i - rrb - the use or the inability to use the service or to use promotional codes or evernote points ; - lrb - ii - rrb - the cost of procurement of substitute services resulting from any data, information or service purchased or obtained or messages received or transactions entered into through or from the service ; - lrb - iii - rrb - unauthorized access to or the loss, corruption or alteration of your transmissions, content or data ; - lrb - iv - rrb - statements or conduct of any third party on or using the service, or providing any services related to the operation of the service ; - lrb - v - rrb - evernote's actions or omissions in reliance upon your basic subscriber information and any changes thereto or notices received therefrom ; - lrb - vi - rrb - your failure to protect the confidentiality of any passwords or access rights to your account ; - lrb - vii - rrb - the acts or omissions of any third party using or integrating with the service ; - lrb - viii - rrb - any advertising content or your purchase or use of any advertised or other third - party product or service ; - lrb - ix - rrb - the termination of your account in accordance with the terms of these terms of service ; or - lrb - x - rrb - any other matter relating to the service.

unless the everyone uber's services may be used by you to request and schedule transportation, goods or logistics services with third party providers, but you agree that uber has no responsibility or liability to you related to any transportation, goods or logistics services provided to you by third party providers other than as expressly set forth in these terms.

unless the everyone we may terminate your access to and use of the services, at our sole discretion, at any time and without notice to you.

unless the the we will not incur any liability or responsibility if we choose to remove, disable or delete such access or ability to use any or all portion - lrb - s - rrb - of the services.

unless the everyone your right to use the service is subject to any limitations, conditions and restrictions established by us from time to time, in our sole discretion.

unless the the you can lose your user name and persona in the service as a result of account termination or limitation, as well as any benefits, privileges, earned items and purchased items associated with your use of the service, and supercell is under no obligation to compensate you for any such losses or results.

unless the the 13. 2 subject to the overall provision in paragraph 13. 1 above youtube shall not be liable to you for : a. any indirect or consequential losses which may be incurred by you.

unless the everyone you will resolve any claim, cause of action or dispute - lrb - claim - rrb - you have with us arising out of or relating to this statement or facebook exclusively in the u. s. district court for the northern district of california or a state court located in san mateo county, and you agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purpose of litigating all such claims.

unless the everyone your use of the services following that date constitutes your acceptance of the terms and conditions of the terms as modified.

unless the everyone you understand that all information publicly posted or privately transmitted through the site is the sole responsibility of the person from which such content originated ; that vivino will not be liable for any errors or omissions in any content ; and that vivino can not guarantee the identity of any other users with whom you may interact in the course of using the service.

unless the the notwithstanding anything to the contrary in our terms, in such cases, the liability of the whatsapp parties will be limited to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.

unless the everyone the company - lrb - and its respective corporate parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, predecessors in interest, successors, permitted assigns - rrb -, you and any other parties on whose behalf you are accessing the service agree to arbitration - lrb - except for matters that may be taken to small claims court - rrb -, as the exclusive form of dispute resolution except as provided for below, for all disputes and claims arising out of or relating to this eula or the service.

unless the everyone for example, we may deactivate your account due to prolonged inactivity, and we may reclaim your username at any time for any reason.

unless the everyone c - rrb - we are under no obligation to store, retain, publish or make available any user content uploaded by you and that you shall be responsible for creating backups of any such user content if necessary.

unless the everyone in exchange for being enabled to use the service, you agree to abide by these terms.

unless the everyone any such transfer or attempted transfer is prohibited and void, and we may terminate your account because of it.

unless the the further, skype may in its sole discretion remove such content and / or terminate these terms and your user account if you use any content that is in breach of these terms.

unless the the tripadvisor may also impose limits on certain features and services or restrict your access to all or parts of the website or any other tripadvisor web site without notice or liability for technical or security reasons, to prevent against unauthorised access, loss of, or destruction of data or where we consider in our sole discretion that you are in breach of any provision of these terms and conditions or of any law or regulation and where it decides to discontinue providing a service.

unless the the however, if nintendo becomes aware of possibly unlawful or inappropriate user - generated content, ncl reserves the right to delete or to block access to such user - generated content at its own discretion.

unless the everyone that means we may add or remove features, products, or functionalities, and we may also suspend or stop the services altogether.

unless the the your continued use of the services after any such change constitutes your acceptance of the new terms of service.

unless the the though tinder strives to encourage a respectful user experience through features like the double opt - in that only allows users to communicate if they have both indicated interest in one another, it is not responsible for the conduct of any user on or off of the services.

unless the everyone immediate, temporary or permanent withdrawal of your right to use our service ;

unless the the linden lab owns the bits and bytes of electronic data stored on its servers, and accordingly will not be liable for any deletion, corruption or data loss that occurs in connection with the service.

unless the the masquerade and you agree that all disputes - lrb - except for the excluded disputes - rrb -, including those relating to, arising out of, or in any way in connection with your rights of privacy and publicity, will be resolved through final and binding arbitration.

unless the the termination of your yahoo account includes any or all of the following : - lrb - a - rrb - removal of access to all or part of the offerings within the yahoo services, - lrb - b - rrb - deletion of your password and all related information, files and content associated with or inside your account - lrb - or any part thereof - rrb -, and - lrb - c - rrb - barring of further use of all or part of the yahoo services.

unless the the academia. edu reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to discontinue or terminate the site and services and to terminate these terms, at any time and without prior notice.

unless the everyone tinder does not represent or warrant that - lrb - a - rrb - the service will be uninterrupted, secure or error free, - lrb - b - rrb - any defects or errors in the service will be corrected, or - lrb - c - rrb - that any content or information you obtain on or through the services will be accurate.

unless the everyone to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, this limitation applies to all claims, whether based on warranty, contract, tort, or any other legal theory, whether or not under armour has been informed of the possibility of such damage, and further where a remedy set forth herein is found to have failed its essential purpose.

unless the everyone we reserve the right, in our absolute discretion, to modify or terminate any free trial offer, your access to the premium services during the free trial, or any of these terms without notice and with no liability.

unless the the however and to the extent permitted by law, neither we nor any of our officers, directors, employees, representatives, subsidiaries, affiliated companies, distributors, affiliate - lrb - distribution - rrb - partners, licensees, agents or others involved in creating, sponsoring, promoting, or otherwise making available the site and its contents shall be liable for - lrb - i - rrb - any punitive, special, indirect or consequential loss or damages, any loss of production, loss of profit, loss of revenue, loss of contract, loss of or damage to goodwill or reputation, loss of claim, - lrb - ii - rrb - any inaccuracy relating to the - lrb - descriptive - rrb - information - lrb - including rates, availability and ratings - rrb - of the supplier as made available on our platform, - lrb - iii - rrb - the services rendered or the products offered by the supplier or other business partners, - lrb - iv - rrb - any - lrb - direct, indirect, consequential or punitive - rrb - damages, losses or costs suffered, incurred or paid by you, pursuant to, arising out of or in connection with the use, inability to use or delay of our platform, or - lrb - v - rrb - any - lrb - personal - rrb - injury, death, property damage, or other - lrb - direct, indirect, special, consequential or punitive - rrb - damages, losses or costs suffered, incurred or paid by you, whether due to - lrb - legal - rrb - acts, errors, breaches, - lrb - gross - rrb - negligence, willful misconduct, omissions, non - performance, misrepresentations, tort or strict liability by or - lrb - wholly or partly - rrb - attributable to the supplier or any of our other business partners - lrb - including any of their employees, directors, officers, agents, representatives or affiliated companies - rrb - whose products or service are - lrb - directly or indirectly - rrb - made available, offered or promoted on or through the platform, including any - lrb - partial - rrb - cancellation, overbooking, strike, force majeure or any other event beyond our control.

unless the the the law of the state of california govern our terms and policies, as well as any disputes, whether in court or arbitration, which might arise between masquerade and you, without regard to conflict of law provisions.

unless the the the company parties will not be subject to liability for the truth, accuracy or completeness of any content on the service or any other information conveyed to any user, or for errors, mistakes or omissions therein, or for any delays or interruptions of the data, or information stream from whatever cause.

unless the everyone skyscanner may in its absolute discretion immediately terminate any agreement with you under these terms at any time upon notice to you and / or, if you have a log - in account, by cancelling your membership and your access to your account.

unless the the to the extent permitted by law, the total liability of google, and its suppliers and distributors, for any claims under these terms, including for any implied warranties, is limited to the amount you paid us to use the services - lrb - or, if we choose, to supplying you the services again - rrb -.

unless the everyone the laws of england and wales govern these terms and any claims and disputes - lrb - whether contractual or otherwise - rrb - arising out of or relating to these terms or their subject matter.

unless the the you agree not to hold us responsible for banking charges incurred due to payments on your account.

unless the the each individual advertiser is solely responsible for the content of its advertising material and skyscanner accepts no responsibility for the content of advertising material, including, without limitation, any error, omission or inaccuracy therein.

unless the the we assume no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content of the products, or any failures, delays, or interruptions in the provision of the products.

unless the the when you order - lrb - ` ` order'' - rrb - any products, or otherwise use or access the products, you agree to be bound by these terms and all applicable laws, rules and regulations.

unless the the we may revise these terms from time to time.

unless the everyone betterpoints. uk is also not responsible or liable for any reputational goodwill damage or loss to you through being associated with betterpoints. uk by being a member, partner, merchant or any other involvement with betterpoints. uk.

unless the everyone to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the total liability of under armour, for any claim under these terms, including for any implied warranties, is limited to the greater of one thousand dollars - lrb - us $ 1, 000. 00 - rrb - or the amount you paid us to use the applicable service - lrb - s - rrb - in the past twelve months.

unless the everyone if this arbitration provision is found to be null and void, then all disputes arising under the terms between us will be subject to the jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in baltimore, maryland, and you and we hereby submit to the personal jurisdiction and venue of these courts.

unless the everyone if you reside in the united states or are otherwise subject to the us federal arbitration act, you and evernote agree that any and all disputes or claims that have arisen or may arise between us - except any dispute relating to the enforcement or validity of your, our or either of our licensors'intellectual property rights - shall be resolved exclusively through final and binding arbitration, rather than in court, except that you may assert claims in small claims court, if your claims qualify.

unless the everyone without limiting the foregoing, blizzard entertainment retains the right to decline service to any user who violates the bnet tou, the terms of use and / or the eula.

unless the everyone we expressly exclude, to the fullest extent permitted by law, all liability of betterpoints. uk, its directors, employees or other representatives, howsoever arising, for any loss suffered as a result of your use of this website or involvement in any way with betterpoints. uk.

unless the everyone the services change frequently, and their form and functionality may change without prior notice to you.

unless the the any dispute or claim relating in any way to your use of any amazon service, or to any products or services sold or distributed by amazon or through amazon. com will be resolved by binding arbitration, rather than in court, except that you may assert claims in small claims court if your claims qualify.

unless the the in order to access and use our services, you agree to these terms of service, which incorporate by reference the crowdtangle privacy policy.

unless the everyone 9gag has discretion, however, to terminate the account of any user after receipt of a single notification of claimed infringement or upon 9gag's own determination.

unless the the if you use any such software development kit or api - lrb - as applicable - rrb - you agree that you have read and will comply with the applicable licensing terms, which are available on http : / / developer. skype. com /.

unless the the in the event that deliveroo or the partner restaurant is found to be liable to you our total aggregate liability is limited to the purchase price of the meals you have paid for in your order.

unless the everyone if you don't, we might have to suspend or terminate your account.

unless the the refuse to surface, delete or delay any listings, ratings, reviews, or other member content ;

unless the the if you live in the european union : you agree that the laws of ireland, excluding conflict of laws rules, shall exclusively govern any dispute relating to this contract and / or the services.

unless the everyone netflix regularly makes changes to the service, including the content library.

unless the the subject to the foregoing, you use this website at your own risk and in no event shall the tripadvisor media group companies - lrb - or their officers, directors and affiliates - rrb - be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, special, or consequential lossses or damages or any loss of income, profits, goodwill, data, contracts, use of money, or loss or damages arising from or conntected in any way to business interruption of any type arising out of, or in any way connected with, your access to, display of or use of this website or with the delay or inability to access, display or use this website - lrb - including, but not limited to, your reliance upon reviews and opinions appearing on this website ; any computer viruses, information, software, linked sites, products, and services obtained through this website ; or otherwise arising out of the access to, display of or use of this website - rrb - whether based on a theory of negligence, contract, tort, strict liability, or otherwise, and even if tripadvisor has been advised of the possibility of such damages.

unless the everyone you acknowledge and agree that, by accessing or using the site or services or by downloading or posting any content from or on the site or through the services, you are indicating that you have read, and that you understand and agree to be bound by, these terms, whether or not you have registered on or through the site.

unless the the betterpoints. uk is also not responsible or liable for any reputational and goodwill damage or loss to you through being associated with betterpoints. uk by being a member, partner, merchant or any other involvement with betterpoints. uk within the area of causes.

unless the the we may update or revise these warnings and instructions, so please review them periodically.

unless the the you expressly acknowledge and agree that duolingo shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss arising from your use of any third - party website, service, or content.

unless the the 9gag, inc shall not be liable for any failure to perform its obligations hereunder where such failure results from any cause beyond 9gag, inc's reasonable control, including, without limitation, mechanical, electronic or communications failure or degradation.

unless the everyone - lrb - i - rrb - faulty operation of computers during the registration process or during completion of a subscription or during the transmission of any data and / or for incorrect or overly slow transmission of data by the internet provider and / or any damage that occurs due to information submitted by you not being received by us or not being received promptly or not being considered, as a consequence of technical faults with our software or hardware - lrb - whether or not they are within or outside of our control - rrb -.

unless the everyone we may modify these terms or any additional terms that apply to a service to, for example, reflect changes to the law or changes to our services.

unless the the governing law : this agreement shall be governed by the laws of the state of new york, united states of america, without regard to principles of conflicts of law.

unless the everyone while we're not required to do so, we may access, review, screen, and delete your content at any time and for any reason, including if we think your content violates these terms.

unless the the for all purposes of these terms of use, the parties consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the united states federal courts or state courts located in the southern district of new york.

unless the everyone if we determine that you are violating the community guidelines or otherwise have breached the terms, we may take actions to address the issue, including, but not limited to, terminating your right to use the services, removing your user - generated content, taking legal action against you - lrb - in which case you agree that we may recover reasonable costs and attorneys'fees - rrb - or disclosing information to law enforcement authorities.

unless the everyone any such unmoderated content will not be covered by constitutional protection under the swedish fundamental law on freedom of expression as per the paragraph above and truecaller will not be liable for the publication of such content.

unless the everyone therefore, you should review this agreement and any additional terms on a regular and frequent basis.

unless the the we may terminate your whatsapp account if you repeatedly infringe the intellectual property rights of others.

unless the the 6. 3 to the extent not prohibited by law, in no event shall the licensor be liable for personal injury, or any incidental, special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages whatsoever, including, without limitation :

unless the everyone to the maximum extent permitted by law, we - lrb - together with our officers, directors, employees, representatives, affiliates, providers and third parties - rrb - do not accept any liability for - lrb - a - rrb - any inaccuracies or omissions in the content displayed on or via the skyscanner services and / or skyscanner platforms ; or - lrb - b - rrb - any act of god, accident, delay or any special, exemplary, punitive, indirect, incidental or consequential loss or damage of any kind - lrb - including, without limitation, lost profits or lost savings - rrb -, whether based in contract, tort - lrb - including negligence - rrb -, strict liability or otherwise, incurred by you arising out of or in connection with your access to, use of, or inability to access or use, the skyscanner services and / or skyscanner platforms or any content contained provided therein.

unless the the amazon has the right but not the obligation to monitor and edit or remove any activity or content.

unless the the we may discontinue or change the service or its availability to you at any time and you may stop using the service at any time.

unless the the any unauthorized use of the services or other failure by you to comply with the terms of this agreement will be deemed a material breach of this agreement and will entitle onavo, without derogating from any other remedies available to it, to immediately suspend or terminate this agreement with no liability to you.

unless the the the foregoing disclaimer of certain damages and limitation of liability will apply to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law.

unless the the we will not be liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with your use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any third party websites, content or mobile application.

unless the the if you repeatedly infringe third parties'ip your access to the service may be restricted or blocked at the company's sole discretion.

unless the the arising out of or related to the licensee's use or inability to use the service, however caused, whether in contract, tort or otherwise and even if the licensor has been advised of the possibility of such damages.

unless the everyone we may modify or discontinue virtual items or in - game currency at any time.

unless the the should onavo become aware that you have violated section 4. 2 above, onavo shall be entitled, at its own discretion, to remove the content in violation immediately, terminate your user account under section 9 below and / or notify the relevant authorities.

unless the the the licensor shall notify the licensee of any revisions with reasonable notice, at the licensor's sole discretion, through the service, by e - email, via an online service or otherwise, or using any combination of the foregoing.

unless the everyone we reserve the right to modify or terminate the service or your access to the service for any reason, without notice, at any time, and without liability to you.

unless the everyone any changes which youtube may make to the service, or for any permanent or temporary cessation in the provision of the service - lrb - or any features within the service - rrb - ; iii.

unless the everyone if that happens, zynga is not required to provide refunds, benefits or other compensation to players in connection with discontinued elements of the service or for virtual goods previously earned or purchased.

unless the the the limitations of this subsection shall apply to any theory of liability, whether based on warranty, contract, statute, tort - lrb - including negligence - rrb - or otherwise, and whether or not the twitter entities have been informed of the possibility of any such damage, and even if a remedy set forth herein is found to have failed of its essential purpose.

unless the everyone when you use our services, in addition to enjoying a world of good vibes, you also agree to the terms and they affect your rights and obligations.

unless the everyone these terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of sweden, excluding its choice of law rules.

unless the everyone microsoft reserves the right to modify our usage rules at any time.

unless the the you and we both consent to venue and personal jurisdiction in san francisco, california.

unless the everyone viber may remove or modify any content without notice or liability at any time in viber's sole discretion.

unless the the we may change, suspend, or discontinue any or all of the services at any time, including the availability of any product, feature, database, or content.

unless the the without limiting our other remedies, we may limit, suspend or terminate the service and user accounts or portions thereof, prohibit access to our games and sites, and their content, services and tools, delay or remove hosted content, and take technical and legal steps to prevent users from accessing the service if we believe that they are creating risk or possible legal liabilities, infringing the intellectual property rights of third parties, or acting inconsistently with the letter or spirit of our terms or policies.

unless the everyone academia. edu reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify the site, services and these terms, at any time and without prior notice.

unless the everyone the tripadvisor media group companies are not liable for the acts, errors, omissions, representations, warranties, breaches or negligence of any such suppliers or for any personal injuries, death, property damage, or other damages or expenses resulting therefrom.

unless the the c. additionally, there may be times when we need to remove or change features or functionality of the service or stop providing a service or access to third - party apps and services altogether.

unless the the by using those features, you agree to these terms and the google maps terms available at http : / / www. google. com / intl / en _ all / help / terms _ maps. html.

unless the the uber shall not be liable for indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, punitive or consequential damages, including lost profits, lost data, personal injury or property damage related to, in connection with, or otherwise resulting from any use of the services, even if uber has been advised of the possibility of such damages.

unless the everyone any photo / image that does not meet the aforesaid criteria will not be posted and / or can be removed / deleted by booking. com at any time and without prior notice.

unless the everyone immediate, temporary or permanent removal of any posting or material uploaded by you to our service ;

unless the the we may also deactivate, terminate or suspend your account at any time : - lrb - 1 - rrb - if we, in our sole discretion, determine that you are or have been in violation of these terms or the spirit thereof - lrb - as highlighted in our community guidelines - rrb -, - lrb - 2 - rrb - if we, in our sole discretion, determine that you have created risk or possible legal exposure for under armour or any other athlete, - lrb - 3 - rrb - in response to requests by law enforcement or other government agencies, - lrb - 4 - rrb - upon discontinuance or material modification of any services, or - lrb - 5 - rrb - due to unexpected technical issues or problems.

unless the the uber shall not be liable for delay or failure in performance resulting from causes beyond uber's reasonable control.

unless the the airbnb may improve, enhance and modify the airbnb platform and introduce new airbnb services from time to time.

unless the the under armour reserves the right to modify these terms by - lrb - i - rrb - posting revised terms on and / or through the services, and / or - lrb - ii - rrb - providing advance notice to you of material changes to the terms, generally via email where practicable, and otherwise through the services - lrb - such as through a notification on the home page of the under armour websites or in our applications - rrb -.

unless the the you also agree that spotify may also reclaim your username for any reason.

unless the the if you opt out of the arbitration agreement, if the arbitration agreement is found by a court to be unenforceable, if your claim is an excluded dispute, or if you neither are a resident of nor have a principal place of business in the us or canada, you agree to resolve any claim you have with us arising out of or relating to these terms or onavo exclusively in a state or federal court located in san mateo county, california, united states and to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the courts located in san mateo county, california, united states for purpose of litigating all such claims.

unless the everyone you further acknowledge that yahoo reserves the right to modify these general practices and limits from time to time.

unless the the it is our policy to terminate privileges of any user who repeatedly infringes the copyright rights of others upon receipt of proper notification to us by the copyright owner or the copyright owner's legal agent.

unless the everyone the twitter entities shall not be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages, or any loss of profits or revenues, whether incurred directly or indirectly, or any loss of data, use, good - will, or other intangible losses, resulting from - lrb - i - rrb - your access to or use of or inability to access or use the services ; - lrb - ii - rrb - any conduct or content of any third party on the services, including without limitation, any defamatory, offensive or illegal conduct of other users or third parties ; - lrb - iii - rrb - any content obtained from the services ; or - lrb - iv - rrb - unauthorized access, use or alteration of your transmissions or content.

unless the the tinder may manage, regulate, control, modify or eliminate virtual items at any time.

unless the everyone you may terminate your duolingo account at any time by following the instructions available through the service.

unless the everyone uber shall not be liable for any damages, liability or losses arising out of : - lrb - i - rrb - your use of or reliance on the services or your inability to access or use the services ; or - lrb - ii - rrb - any transaction or relationship between you and any third party provider, even if uber has been advised of the possibility of such damages.

unless the everyone - lrb - b - rrb - skype reserves the right to withdraw or change the subscriptions at any time.

unless the everyone duolingo may manage, regulate, control, modify, or eliminate virtual items at any time, with or without notice.

unless the everyone we may have little or no control over such sites or developers and, accordingly, you acknowledge and agree that - lrb - i - rrb - we are not responsible for the availability of such external sites, content or applications ; - lrb - ii - rrb - we are not responsible or liable for any content or other materials or performance available from such sites or applications and - lrb - iii - rrb - we shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, materials or applications.

unless the everyone youtube reserves the right to make changes the terms from time to time, for example to address changes to the law or regulatory changes or changes to functionality offered through the service.

unless the everyone in no event shall the liability of linkedin and its affiliates - lrb - and those that linkedin works with to provide the services - rrb - exceed, in the aggregate for all claims, an amount that is the lesser of - lrb - a - rrb - five times the most recent monthly or yearly fee that you paid for a premium service, if any, or - lrb - b - rrb - us $ 1000.

unless the the all disputes arising out of, relating to, or in connection with these terms or your use of the products that can not be resolved informally or in small claims court will be resolved through binding arbitration on an individual basis, except that you and headspace are not required to arbitrate any dispute in which either party seeks equitable relief for the alleged unlawful use of copyrights, trademarks, trade names, logos, trade secrets, or patents.

unless the everyone in case of a serious violation of this agreement, blizzard entertainment will be entitled to immediately terminate this agreement without any prior warning.

unless the the unless otherwise stated herein, there are no refunds where the account is terminated prior to the end of a subscription period ; the service will be available for your use until such time that the then - current subscription period expires.

unless the the if we believe you are abusing ebay in any way, we may, in our sole discretion and without limiting other remedies, limit, suspend, or terminate your user account - lrb - s - rrb - and access to our services, delay or remove hosted content, remove any special status associated with your account - lrb - s - rrb -, remove, not display, and / or demote listings, reduce or eliminate any discounts, and take technical and / or legal steps to prevent you from using our services.

unless the the you understand that through your use of the yahoo services you consent to the collection and use - lrb - as set forth in the applicable privacy policy - rrb - of this information, including the transfer of this information to the united states and / or other countries for storage, processing and use by yahoo and its affiliates.

unless the everyone we both agree to arbitrate : you and fitbit agree to resolve any disputes through final and binding arbitration, except as set forth under exceptions to agreement to arbitrate below.

unless the the in accordance with the us digital millennium copyright act - lrb - ` ` dmca'' - rrb - and other applicable laws, we have adopted a policy of terminating, in appropriate circumstances and at our sole discretion, accounts of users who are deemed to be repeat infringers.

unless the everyone if you are not subject to that provision, you agree that you will resolve any claim you have with us relating to, arising out of, or in any way in connection with our terms and policies, us, or our services - lrb - each, a ` ` dispute'' and together, ` ` disputes'' - rrb - exclusively in the united states district court for the northern district of california or a state court located in santa clara county in california, and you agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purpose of litigating all such disputes.

unless the the yahoo reserves the right at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the yahoo services - lrb - or any part thereof - rrb - with or without notice.

unless the everyone you accept these terms by creating a microsoft account or skype account, through your use of the services, or by continuing to use the services after being notified of a change to these terms.

unless the everyone the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of any ip protection action or, if you timely provide academia. edu with an arbitration opt - out notice, any dispute other than an individual action brought in small claims court, will be the state and federal courts located in the northern district of california and each of the parties hereto waives any objection to jurisdiction and venue in such courts.

unless the everyone any revisions to these terms and conditions will become effective the earlier of - lrb - i - rrb - the end of such 7 - day period or - lrb - ii - rrb - the first time you access or use the service after such changes.

unless the the by using the services you agree to be bound by these terms.

unless the everyone 1. 3 the licensor reserves the right to change, suspend, remove or disable access to the service at any time without notice.

unless the everyone by using our services, you agree that google can use such data in accordance with our privacy policies.

unless the everyone by accessing or using this website in any manner, you agree to be bound by the agreement and represent that you have read and understood its terms.

unless the the tripadvisor may change, suspend or discontinue any aspect of the tripadvisor service at any time, including availability of any feature, database or content.

unless the the 9gag's intellectual property policy is to - lrb - a - rrb - remove material that 9gag believes in good faith, upon notice from an intellectual property owner or their agent, is infringing the intellectual property of a third party by being made available through the services, and - lrb - b - rrb - remove any subscriber content posted to the services by ` ` repeat infringers.''

unless the the by using this site, you acknowledge that 9gag, inc is not responsible or liable for any harm resulting from - lrb - 1 - rrb - use of the site ; - lrb - 2 - rrb - downloading information contained on the site including but not limited to downloads of content posted by subscribers ; - lrb - 3 - rrb - unauthorized disclosure of images, information or data that results from the upload, download or storage of content posted by subscribers ; - lrb - 4 - rrb - the temporary or permanent inability to access or retrieve any subscriber content from the site, including, without limitation, harm caused by viruses, worms, trojan horses, or any similar contamination or destructive program.

unless the everyone 15. 5 in addition, airbnb may take any of the following measures - lrb - i - rrb - to comply with applicable law, or the order or request of a court, law enforcement or other administrative agency or governmental body, or if - lrb - ii - rrb - you have breached these terms, the payments terms, our policies or standards, applicable laws, regulations, or third party rights, - lrb - iii - rrb - you have provided inaccurate, fraudulent, outdated or incomplete information during the airbnb account registration, listing process or thereafter, - lrb - iv - rrb - you and / or your listings or host services at any time fail to meet any applicable quality or eligibility criteria, - lrb - v - rrb - you have repeatedly received poor ratings or reviews or airbnb otherwise becomes aware of or has received complaints about your performance or conduct, - lrb - vi - rrb - you have repeatedly cancelled confirmed bookings or failed to respond to booking requests without a valid reason, or - lrb - vii - rrb - airbnb believes in good faith that such action is reasonably necessary to protect the personal safety or property of airbnb, its members, or third parties, or to prevent fraud or other illegal activity :

unless the the you are solely liable for any content that you post or communicate directly in or on the services and you agree to only post or communicate content that :

unless the everyone generally, we do not moderate any interactive service we provide although we may remove content in contravention of these terms of use as set out in section 6.

unless the everyone it's important that you review the terms whenever we modify them, because if you continue to use the services after we have posted modified terms on the site or app, or otherwise communicate them to you, you are indicating to us that you agree to be bound by the modified terms.

unless the everyone 9. 3 linden lab's liability to you is expressly limited, to the extent allowable under applicable law.

unless the the if we feel that your behavior towards any of our customer care representatives or other employees is at any time threatening or offensive, we reserve the right to immediately terminate your account.

unless the the in appropriate circumstances, microsoft may also disable or terminate accounts of users of microsoft services who may be repeat infringers.

unless the everyone in no event shall our total liability to you for all damages - lrb - other than as may be required by applicable law in cases involving personal injury - rrb - exceed the amount of fifty dollars - lrb - $ 50. 00 - rrb -.

unless the the we may cancel unconfirmed accounts or accounts that have been inactive for a long time or modify or discontinue our services.

unless the the as under armour grows and improves, we might have to make changes to these terms or include additional terms that are specific to certain products.

unless the the you and snap group limited consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of those courts.

unless the everyone by using our services, you are agreeing to these terms.

unless the the crowdtangle may, in its sole discretion, update or otherwise change the terms of service from time to time.

unless the everyone in addition, to the extent permitted by applicable law, we - lrb - including our parent, subsidiaries, and affiliates, and our and their officers, directors, agents and employees - rrb - are not liable, and you agree not to hold us responsible, for any damages or losses - lrb - including, but not limited to, loss of money, goodwill or reputation, profits, other intangible losses, or any special, indirect, or consequential damages - rrb - resulting directly or indirectly from : the content you provide - lrb - directly or indirectly - rrb - using the services ; your use of or your inability to use our services ; pricing, shipping, format, or other guidance provided by ebay ; delays or disruptions in our services ; viruses or other malicious software obtained by accessing or linking to our services ; glitches, bugs, errors, or inaccuracies of any kind in our services ; damage to your hardware device from the use of any ebay service ; the content, actions, or inactions of third parties, including items listed using our services or the destruction of allegedly fake items ; a suspension or other action taken with respect to your account or breach of the abusing ebay section above ; the duration or manner in which your listings appear in search results as set out in the listing conditions section above ; or your need to modify practices, content, or behavior, or your loss of or inability to do business, as a result of changes to this user agreement or our policies.

unless the the you and ebay each agree that any and all disputes or claims that have arisen, or may arise, between you and ebay - lrb - including any disputes or claims between you and a third - party agent of ebay - rrb - that relate in any way to or arise out of this or previous versions of the user agreement, your use of or access to ebay's services, the actions of ebay or its agents, or any products or services sold, offered, or purchased through ebay's services shall be resolved exclusively through final and binding arbitration, rather than in court.

unless the everyone your continued use of qik premium after publication on the skype website shall constitute your acceptance to be bound by the terms and conditions of the revised fair usage policy.

unless the the in no event will oculus be liable for the removal of or disabling of access to any portion or feature of the services.

unless the the this limited right may be revoked at any time in fitbit's sole discretion.

unless the the these terms of use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the netherlands.

unless the the - lrb - iii - rrb - the service limitations set out in paragraph 5. 6 ;

unless the the we can not always prevent this misuse of our services, and you agree that we are not responsible for any such misuse.

unless the the we may stop - lrb - permanently or temporarily - rrb - providing the services or any features within the services to you or to users generally.

unless the the onavo reserves the right to make corrections, modifications, enhancements, improvements and other changes to the services at any time or to discontinue the services without notice.

unless the the we may also update our services, which might not work properly if you don't install the updates.

unless the everyone your continued use of the service following the posting of any changes to these terms of use constitutes acceptance of those changes.

unless the the onavo reserves the right to modify the terms and conditions of this agreement or its policies relating to the services at any time.

unless the everyone by accessing our site and placing an order you agreed to be bound by these terms and conditions and our terms of use policy.

unless the the when you - lrb - ` ` you'' - rrb - sign up with betterpoints. uk you agree to all of the terms and conditions of this agreement - lrb - ` ` agreement'' - rrb -.

unless the the we may modify this agreement from time to time.

unless the the the masquerade parties will not be liable for any lost profits or indirect, special, incidental, consequential, exemplary, or punitive damages relating to, arising out of, or in any way in connection with these terms and policies, us, our services, or any content even if the masquerade parties have been advised of the possibility of such damages.

unless the the truecaller also reserves the right to modify these terms at any time by providing revised terms to the user or by publishing the revised terms within the services.

unless the everyone we have no obligation or responsibility to, and will not reimburse or refund, you for any trading items, virtual money, or virtual goods lost due to such cancellation, suspension, or termination.

unless the the atlas solutions group inc. will not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential or exemplary loss or damages which may be incurred by you as a result of using our resources, or as a result of any changes, data loss or corruption, cancellation, loss of access, or downtime to the full extent that applicable limitation of liability laws apply.

unless the the in such event, you will not be entitled to compensation for such suspension or termination, and you acknowledge that linden lab will have no liability to you in connection with such suspension or termination.

unless the the occasionally we may, in our discretion, make changes to the agreements.

unless the everyone 14. 1 except to the extent expressly provided in section 14. 2, this agreement and the relationship between you and ncl shall be governed by the laws of japan, to the exclusion of the un sales convention on contracts for the international sale of goods.

unless the the 6. 2 your access to the products may be occasionally restricted to allow for repairs, maintenance or the introduction of new facilities or products.

unless the the we reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to change these terms of use - lrb - ` ` updated terms'' - rrb - from time to time.

unless the the we reserve the right to change the terms of this contract and will provide you notice if we do and we agree that changes can not be retroactive.

unless the the accounts of users may be terminated immediately in the event of any unauthorized posting of pre - release sr samples.

unless the everyone you expressly acknowledge and agree that instagram is in no way responsible or liable for any such third - party services or features.

unless the everyone in no event will fitbit's total liability arising out of or in connection with these terms or from the use of or inability to use the fitbit service exceed the amounts you have paid to fitbit for use of the fitbit service or one hundred dollars - lrb - $ 100 - rrb -, if you have not had any payment obligations to fitbit, as applicable.

unless the the we may change the truecaller fees from time to time by posting the changes in or on the services or by notifying you in advance.

unless the everyone in conjunction with the limitation of warranties as explained above, you expressly understand and agree that any claim against us shall be limited to the amount you paid, if any, for use of products and / or services.

unless the everyone we may terminate your account - lrb - s - rrb - if we learn, or in good faith believe, that you are a registered sex offender, that accessing the service may violate a condition of parole or probation, that you have engaged in or attempted to engage in conduct with minors on the service that violates this agreement, or that you for any other reason may pose what we deem to be an unacceptable risk to the service community.

unless the the if we fail to comply with these terms, we will be liable to you only for the purchase price of the products in question.

unless the the you acknowledge that we are not responsible for suspension of the service, regardless of the cause of the interruption or suspension.

unless the everyone 5. 5 upon account termination, you will lose access to your account and all licenses, content, and data, and you understand this is a risk of participating in the service.

unless the the we have the right, but not the obligation, in our sole discretion to edit, refuse to post, or remove any user content.

unless the the if and as far as necessary to operate the service in accordance with the terms contained herein, in particular to keep a balanced and enjoyable gaming experience for all players blizzard entertainment reserves the right to modify or delete game data.

unless the everyone we may take any of these actions at any time, and when we do, we will try to notify you beforehand, but this won't always be possible.

unless the everyone you understand and agree that we are not responsible or liable for the availability or accuracy of such third - party properties or the content, products or services made available through such properties.

unless the the if we at viber believe the details are not correct, current, or complete, we have the right prevent you from accessing our services, or any of its resources and to terminate or suspend your account.

unless the the for any action at law or in equity relating to the arbitration provision of these terms of use, the excluded disputes or if you opt out of the agreement to arbitrate, you agree to resolve any dispute you have with instagram exclusively in a state or federal court located in santa clara, california, and to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the courts located in santa clara county for the purpose of litigating all such disputes.

unless the the under no circumstances will myfitnesspal be responsible for any loss or damage resulting from your reliance on nutritional information.

unless the the the company may investigate and take any available legal action in response to illegal and / or unauthorized uses of the service, including termination of your account.

unless the the supercell may reject, refuse to post or delete any user content for any or no reason, including, but not limited to, user content that in the sole judgment of supercell violates these terms of service.

unless the the we may terminate your account if we determine in our discretion that such action is necessary or advisable to comply with legal requirements or protect the rights or interests of linden lab, the service community or any third party.

unless the everyone - lrb - in some cases, that jurisdiction will be ` ` exclusive'', meaning that no other countries'courts can preside over the matter ; have jurisdiction ; in other cases, the jurisdiction is ` ` non - exclusive'', meaning that other countries'courts may have jurisdiction as well.

unless the the you agree that instagram is not responsible or liable for the conduct of any user.

unless the everyone in countries where exclusions or limitations of liability are allowed, dropbox, its affiliates, suppliers or distributors won't be liable for : i - rrb - any indirect, special, incidental, punitive, exemplary or consequential damages, or ii - rrb - any loss of use, data, business, or profits, regardless of legal theory.

unless the the zynga reserves the right to stop offering and / or supporting the service or a particular game or part of the service at any time either permanently or temporarily, at which point your license to use the service or any part of it will be automatically terminated or suspended.

unless the the the right to use the number and the cancellation of such right rest with the skype manager administrator at his / her sole discretion and not you.

unless the everyone supercell shall have no liability to you or any third party in the event that supercell exercises any such rights.

unless the everyone linden lab reserves the right to treat user content on the service as content stored at the direction of users for which linden lab will not exercise control except to block or remove content that comes to linden lab's attention and is offensive, obscene, abusive, illegal or otherwise objectionable to linden lab, or to enforce the rights of third parties or the content restrictions set forth below - lrb - in sections 2 and 7 - rrb -, when notice of their violation comes to linden lab's attention.

unless the everyone in the event that you are unable to provide the registration data, linden lab reserves the right to suspend your account - lrb - s - rrb -.

unless the the cost of procurement of substitue goods or services.

unless the the this website is operated by a u. s. entity and this agreement is governed by the laws of the commonwealth of massachusetts, usa.

unless the everyone duolingo may terminate your access and use of the service immediately at any time, for any reason, and at such time you will have no further right to use the service.

unless the the notwithstanding anything to the contrary in our terms, in such cases, the liability of the masquerade parties will be limited to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.

unless the the zynga may revise the pricing for the goods and services it licenses to you through the service at any time.

unless the everyone if, however, that court would lack original jurisdiction over the litigation, then all claims and disputes arising out of or relating to the terms or the use of the products will be litigated exclusively in the superior court of california, county of los angeles.

unless the the microsoft is not responsible if a cortana communication management feature delays or prevents you from reviewing or sending a communication.

unless the the your failure to provide youtube with accurate account information ; v. your failure to keep your password or youtube account details secure and confidential.

unless the everyone in addition, we have the right - - but not the obligation - - in our sole discretion to remove, disallow, block or delete any user content - lrb - i - rrb - that we consider to violate this eula, applicable law or otherwise constitute objectionable content - lrb - defined in section 5.

unless the the supercell reserves the right to terminate any account that has been inactive for 180 days.

unless the everyone we reserve the right to terminate your right to access and use the services if you violate these terms or any other terms or policies referenced herein, or if you otherwise create risk or possible legal exposure for us.

unless the everyone you agree that any claim or dispute you may have against supercell must be resolved exclusively by a court located in helsinki, finland.

unless the everyone 21. 1 if you reside in the united states, these terms will be interpreted in accordance with the laws of the state of california and the united states of america, without regard to conflict - of - law provisions.

unless the the subject to these terms and to the extent permitted by law, our maximum aggregate liability to you arising out of or in connection with these terms or your access to, use of, or inability to access or use, the skyscanner services and / or skyscanner platforms shall be limited to the sum of # 100 - lrb - one hundred pounds sterling - rrb -.

unless the the in no event shall uber's total liability to you in connection with the services for all damages, losses and causes of action exceed five hundred euros - lrb - $ 500 - rrb -.

unless the everyone 18. 8 you acknowledge and agree that if skype is unable to provide the software, products and / or skype websites as a result of a force majeure event, skype will not be in breach of any of its obligations towards you under these terms.

unless the everyone irrespective of the country from which you access or use the skyscanner services and / or skyscanner platforms, to the extent permitted by law these terms and your use of the skyscanner services and / or skyscanner platforms shall be governed in accordance with the laws of england and wales and you are deemed to have submitted to the non - exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of england and wales to resolve any disputes which may arise hereunder.

unless the everyone by downloading, installing and using the service, the licensee agrees to the terms and conditions of these terms of use which shall bind the licensee.

unless the the this agreement, and any dispute between you and the company, shall be governed by the laws of the state of texas without regard to principles of conflicts of law, provided that this arbitration agreement shall be governed by the federal arbitration act.

unless the the premium service features and content may change at any time, and we can not guarantee that any specific feature or content will be available for the entire free trial period.

unless the the viber may change the prices of such products at any time without any notice to you.

unless the the 5. 3 we may terminate your account - lrb - s - rrb - to protect the best interests of the service and the community or if we believe you pose an unacceptable risk to the community.

unless the everyone all claims arising out of or relating to these terms or the services will be litigated exclusively in the federal or state courts of santa clara county, california, usa, and you and google consent to personal jurisdiction in those courts.

unless the the if you use a username and password that viber considers insecure, viber will be entitled to require this to be changed and / or terminate your user account.

unless the the to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, you also expressly agree that we do not assume responsibility for any third - party activity or any other race, contest, class, athletic activity or event that utilizes or is promoted by or accessed via the services.

unless the the headspace reserves the right to change or update these terms, or any other of our policies or practices, at any time, and will notify users by posting such changed or updated terms on this page.

unless the everyone you acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this user agreement periodically to familiarize yourself with any modifications.

unless the everyone if you have more content stored in your onedrive account than is provided to you under the terms of your free or paid subscription service for onedrive and you do not respond to notice from microsoft to fix your account by removing excess content or moving to a new subscription plan with more storage, we reserve the right to close your account and delete or disable access to your content on onedrive.

unless the the - lrb - iii - rrb - skype may change the rates for calling phones and premium rate numbers at any time without notice to you by posting such change at www. skype. com / go / allrates.

unless the the except if you opt - out or for disputes relating to : - lrb - 1 - rrb - your or instagram's intellectual property - lrb - such as trademarks, trade dress, domain names, trade secrets, copyrights and patents - rrb - ; - lrb - 2 - rrb - violations of the api terms ; or - lrb - 3 - rrb - violations of provisions 13 or 15 of the basic terms, above - lrb - ` ` excluded disputes'' - rrb -, you agree that all disputes between you and instagram - lrb - whether or not such dispute involves a third party - rrb - with regard to your relationship with instagram, including without limitation disputes related to these terms of use, your use of the service, and / or rights of privacy and / or publicity, will be resolved by binding, individual arbitration under the american arbitration association's rules for arbitration of consumer - related disputes and you and instagram hereby expressly waive trial by jury.

unless the everyone airbnb reserves the right to change the service fees at any time, and we will provide members adequate notice of any fee changes before they become effective.

unless the everyone uber may amend the terms related to the services from time to time.

unless the the your access and use of the services constitutes your agreement to be bound by these terms, which establishes a contractual relationship between you and uber.

unless the everyone in the event that duolingo suspends or terminates your use of the service or these terms and conditions or you close your account voluntarily, you understand and agree that you will receive no refund or exchange of any kind, including for any unused virtual currency or other virtual item, any content or data associated with your use of the service, or for anything else.

unless the everyone we will not be liable if, for any reason, our site or our service is unavailable at any time or for any period.

unless the the by continuing to access or use the site or services after we have posted a modification on the site or have provided you with notice of a modification, you are indicating that you agree to be bound by the modified terms.

unless the the we may, but have no obligation to, remove, edit, block, and / or monitor content or accounts containing content that we determine in our sole discretion violates these terms of use.

unless the everyone we reserve the right to cancel user accounts that have been inactive for more than one - lrb - 1 - rrb - year.

unless the everyone changes shall become effective when published on the skype website.

unless the everyone the exclusive means of resolving any dispute or claim arising out of or relating to this agreement - lrb - including any alleged breach thereof - rrb - or the service shall be binding arbitration administered by the american arbitration association under the consumer arbitration rules.

unless the the in no event shall 9gag, inc, its directors, officers, shareholders, employees or members be liable with respect to the site or the services for - lrb - a - rrb - any indirect, incidental, punitive, or consequential damages of any kind whatsoever ; - lrb - b - rrb - damages for loss of use, profits, data, images, subscriber content or other intangibles ; - lrb - c - rrb - damages for unauthorized use, non - performance of the site, errors or omissions ; or - lrb - d - rrb - damages related to downloading or posting content.

unless the the 7. 4 we reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to refuse to post or to remove or edit any of your user material, or to restrict, suspend, or terminate your access to all or any part of the products, particularly where user material breaches this section 7, and we may do this with or without giving you any prior notice.

unless the the your continued use of this site after such modifications will constitute acknowledgment and agreement of the modified terms and conditions.

unless the the linden lab has the right to change, limit access to, and / or eliminate any aspect - lrb - s - rrb -, feature - lrb - s - rrb - or functionality of the service - lrb - including your user content - rrb - as it sees fit at any time without notice, and linden lab makes no commitment, express or implied, to maintain or continue, or to permit open access to, any aspect of the service.

unless the the whenever you use the services, you agree to be bound by all of the terms and conditions of these terms of service.

unless the everyone your access and use of the services - lrb - regardless of whether you create an account with us - rrb -, constitutes your agreement to these terms and our privacy policy, which is incorporated into the terms.

unless the the 14. 2 the relationship between you and noe, in particular when acquiring digital products via the nintendo shopping services from noe, shall be governed by the laws of germany, to the exclusion of the un sales convention on contracts for the international sale of goods.

unless the the you acknowledge that zynga is not required to provide a refund for any reason, and that you will not receive money or other compensation for unused virtual items when an account is closed, whether such closure was voluntary or involuntary, or whether you made a payment through zynga. com or another platform such as apple, google, facebook, or any other sites or platforms where we offer our services.

unless the everyone 19. 1 oculus is based in the united states and our services are subject to us law.

unless the the skype reserves the right to change the fair usage policy at any time.

unless the everyone in the event that fraud, illegality or other conduct that violates this agreement is discovered or reported - lrb - whether by you or someone else - rrb - that is connected with your account, we may terminate your account - lrb - or accounts - rrb - as described in section 5.

unless the the in all cases, google, and its suppliers and distributors, will not be liable for any loss or damage that is not reasonably foreseeable.

unless the everyone you also acknowledge and agree that spotify may remove or reclaim your username at any time if spotify in its absolute discretion considers such action appropriate.

unless the the by using or accessing the services, you agree to become bound by all the terms and conditions of this agreement.

unless the the cause for such termination, limitation of access or suspension shall include, but not be limited to, - lrb - a - rrb - breaches or violations of the tos or other incorporated agreements or guidelines, - lrb - b - rrb - requests by law enforcement or other government agencies, - lrb - c - rrb - discontinuance or material modification to the yahoo services - lrb - or any part thereof - rrb -, - lrb - d - rrb - unexpected technical or security issues or problems, - lrb - e - rrb - extended periods of inactivity, - lrb - f - rrb - engagement by you in fraudulent or illegal activities, and / or - lrb - g - rrb - nonpayment of any fees owed by you in connection with the yahoo services.

unless the the by using or accessing facebook services, you agree that we can collect and use such content and information in accordance with the data policy as amended from time to time.

unless the everyone you hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of courts in massachusetts, usa and stipulate to the fairness and convenience of proceedings in such courts for all disputes arising out of or relating to the use of this website.

unless the the you agree to receive such updates from skype in order to continue using the skype software and you agree to accept such updates subject to these terms.

unless the the you agree that yahoo shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the yahoo services - lrb - or any part thereof - rrb -.

unless the everyone if you reside outside the united states, judicial proceedings must be brought in the courts of ireland, unless we both agree to some other location, and you and zynga both consent to venue and personal jurisdiction in ireland.

unless the the you acknowledge and agree that posting any such user content may result in immediate termination or suspension of your spotify account.

unless the the using the services after the changes become effective means you agree to the new terms.

unless the the in no event shall onavo be liable to anyone for any indirect, punitive, special, exemplary, incidental, consequential or other damages of any type or kind - lrb - including loss of data, revenue, profits, use or other economic advantage - rrb - arising out of, or in any way connected with the services, including but not limited to the use or inability to use the services, or for any content obtained from or through the services, any interruption, inaccuracy, error or omission, even if onavo has been previously advised of the possibility of such damages.

unless the the - lrb - f - rrb - any other commercial damages or losses

unless the the you agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary or the applicable dispute resolution process, any claim or cause of action you may have arising out of or related to use of the service or otherwise under these must be filed within one - lrb - 1 - rrb - year after such claim or cause of action arose or you hereby agree to be forever barred from bringing such claim.

unless the everyone betterpoints. uk is also not responsible or liable for any reputational and goodwill damage or loss to you through being associated with betterpoints. uk by being a member, partner, merchant or any other involvement with betterpoints. uk within the area of transfer of funds.

unless the the instagram is not responsible for the actions, content, information, or data of third parties, and you release us, our directors, officers, employees, and agents from any claims and damages, known and unknown, arising out of or in any way connected with any claim you have against any such third parties.

unless the everyone this eula will be governed by the laws of finland without reference to its choice of law rules.

unless the everyone your continued access or use of the services after such posting constitutes your consent to be bound by the terms, as amended.

unless the the because our services evolve over time, we may change or discontinue all or any part of the services at any time and without notice.

unless the the please also read that section carefully and completely.

unless the the governing law : except as otherwise required by applicable law, the terms of service and the resolution of any disputes shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of california without regard to its conflict of laws principles.

unless the everyone the permission to use catalog content is subject to modification or revocation at any time at ebay's sole discretion.

unless the the by using the services, you agree to the terms.

unless the the 11. 4 youtube may terminate its legal agreement with you if : youtube is transitioning to no longer providing the service to users in the country in which you are resident or from which you use the service ; or the provision of the service to you by youtube is, in youtube's opinion, no longer commercially viable and in the case of each of a and b of this clause 11. 4 shall, where possible, give reasonable notice of such termination.

unless the the booking. com disclaims any liability or responsibility for any communication with the supplier on or through its platform.

unless the the to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, under no circumstances - lrb - including, without limitation, negligence - rrb - shall under armour, its subsidiaries, partners or any wireless carriers be liable to you or any third party for - lrb - a - rrb - any indirect, incidental, special, reliance, exemplary, punitive, or consequential damages of any kind whatsoever ; - lrb - b - rrb - loss of profits, revenue, data, use, goodwill, or other intangible losses ; - lrb - c - rrb - damages relating to your access to, use of, or inability to access or use the services ; - lrb - d - rrb - damages relating to any conduct or content of any third party or athlete using the services, including without limitation, defamatory, offensive or illegal conduct or content ; and / or - lrb - e - rrb - damages in any manner relating to any third - party content, third - party products or third - party activities accessed via the services.

unless the everyone we may stop - lrb - permanently or temporarily - rrb - providing the services or any features within the services to you or to users generally.

unless the the fitbit may, in its sole discretion, alter, remove, or refuse to display any of your content, and may forbid you from posting, uploading, storing, sharing, sending, or displaying your content to and via the fitbit service.

unless the everyone duolingo shall have no liability to you or any third party in the event that duolingo exercises any such rights.

unless the the you agree that by clicking ` ` join now'', ` ` join linkedin'', ` ` sign up'' or similar, registering, accessing or using our services - lrb - described below - rrb -, you are agreeing to enter into a legally binding contract with linkedin - lrb - even if you are using our services on behalf of a company - rrb -.

unless the everyone to the fullest extent permitted by law : - lrb - i - rrb - vimeo shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential, or exemplary damages, including but not limited to damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data or other intangible losses ; and - lrb - ii - rrb - vimeo's total liability to you shall not exceed the amounts paid by you to vimeo over the twelve - lrb - 12 - rrb - months preceding your claim - lrb - s - rrb -.

unless the the our right to amend the user agreement includes the right to modify, add to, or remove terms in the user agreement.

unless the everyone changes shall become effective when published on the skype website.

unless the everyone deliveroo may revise these terms of use at any time by amending this page.

unless the everyone your continued access or use of our services constitutes your acceptance of the amended terms.

unless the everyone truecaller may change the services at any time, such as by adding or removing features or discontinuing the services.

unless the everyone the company's liability, and the liability of any other company parties, to you or any third parties in any circumstance is limited to the greater of the fees you have paid us for any gifts and u. s. $ 100.

unless the everyone - lrb - iii - rrb - any use of websites linked to the products but operated by third parties.

unless the the terminate your account or your access to the service, for any reason, or where it determined that you have breached any of the terms of this agreement or of the privacy policy.

unless the everyone by registering for and / or using the service in any manner, including but not limited to visiting or browsing the site, you agree to all of the terms and conditions contained herein - lrb - ` ` terms of use'' - rrb -, and all other operating rules, policies and procedures that may be published from time to time on the site by vivino, each of which is incorporated by reference and each of which may be updated by vivino from time to time without notice to you in accordance with the terms set out under the ` ` modification of terms of use'' section below.

unless the the airbnb is not responsible or liable for the availability or accuracy of such third - party services, or the content, products, or services available from such third - party services.

unless the everyone amazon reserves the right - lrb - but not the obligation - rrb - to remove or edit such content, but does not regularly review posted content.

unless the the we may also, at our sole discretion, limit access to the services and / or terminate the accounts of any users who infringe any intellectual property rights of others, whether or not there is any repeat infringement.

unless the the we may delete any content, in whole or in part, that in our sole judgment violates this agreement or may harm the reputation of the service.

unless the the evernote may act to temporarily limit your use of the service, suspend access to your account, or close your account, with or without notice according to these terms.

unless the the you acknowledge that yahoo reserves the right to log off accounts that are inactive for an extended period of time.

unless the everyone you acknowledge that niantic is not required to provide a refund for any reason, and that you will not receive money or other compensation for unused virtual money and virtual goods when your account is closed, whether such closure was voluntary or involuntary.

unless the the except for certain types of disputes mentioned in the arbitration clause, you and headspace agree that disputes relating to these terms or your use of the products will be resolved by mandatory binding arbitration, and you and headspace waive any right to participate in a class - action lawsuit or class - wide arbitration.

unless the everyone the policies posted on our sites may be changed from time to time.

unless the everyone these terms of use are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of california, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law and will specifically not be governed by the united nations conventions on contracts for the international sale of goods, if otherwise applicable.

unless the the you and yahoo each agree that the tos and the relationship between the parties shall be governed by the laws of the state of california without regard to its conflict of law provisions and that any and all claims, causes of action or disputes - lrb - regardless of theory - rrb - arising out of or relating to the tos, or the relationship between you and yahoo, shall be brought exclusively in the courts located in the county of santa clara, california or the u. s. district court for the northern district of california.

unless the everyone in addition, when using particular yahoo owned or operated services, you and yahoo shall be subject to any posted guidelines or rules applicable to such services, which may be posted and modified from time to time.

unless the everyone the changes will not be retroactive, and the most current version of the terms, which will always be at twitter. com / tos, will govern our relationship with you.

unless the the nintendo may change the terms and conditions of this agreement at any time so far as this is necessary or helpful to enhance the service or to adapt it to reflect changes in technical or legal requirements.

unless the the you understand and agree that the company may change this eula at any time without prior notice ; provided that the company will endeavor to provide you with prior notice of any material changes that may apply to you, including through the posting of a revised eula that you may be required to accept in order to continue using the service.

unless the the snap group limited, snap inc., and their affiliates take no responsibility and assume no liability for any content that you, another user, or a third party creates, uploads, posts, sends, receives, or stores on or through our services.

unless the the the laws of the state of california govern our terms, as well as any disputes, whether in court or arbitration, which might arise between whatsapp and you, without regard to conflict of law provisions.

unless the everyone - lrb - i - rrb - any product or service provided by a third party under their own terms of service, including without limitation, skype wifi ;

unless the the you and niantic agree that any dispute, claim, or controversy arising out of or relating to these terms or the breach, termination, enforcement, interpretation, or validity thereof or the use of the services or content - lrb - collectively, ` ` disputes'' - rrb - will be settled by binding arbitration, except that each party retains the right : - lrb - a - rrb - to bring an individual action in small claims court and - lrb - b - rrb - to seek injunctive or other equitable relief in a court of competent jurisdiction to prevent the actual or threatened infringement, misappropriation, or violation of a party's copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, patents, or other intellectual property rights - lrb - the action described in this clause - lrb - b - rrb -, an ` ` ip protection action'' - rrb -.

unless the everyone except where our dispute is being resolved pursuant to an arbitration - lrb - as provided below - rrb -, if you are a resident of the united states or canada, you agree that any claim or dispute you may have against evernote must be resolved exclusively by a state or federal court located in san mateo county, california.

unless the everyone you agree that we are not responsible for others'- lrb - including other members'- rrb - content or information.

unless the everyone we reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add or remove portions of the terms, community rules, feature terms, and privacy policy at any time by posting the amended terms, community rules, feature terms, or privacy policy on our sites or within the service - lrb - such as through in - game notices - rrb -.

unless the the your continued use of our services following such amendment confirms your acceptance of our terms, as amended.

unless the everyone u. s. c. - lrb - ` ` faa'' - rrb - to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law.

unless the the viber reserves the right to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, all or any part of this service and / or any software, facilities, and services on this service, with or without notice and / or to establish general guidelines and limitations on their use.

unless the everyone duolingo's liability to you or any third party claiming through you for any cause whatsoever, and regardless of the form of the action, is limited to the amount paid, if any, by you to duolingo for the service in the 12 months prior to the initial action giving rise to liability.

unless the the the licenses granted by amazon terminate if you do not comply with these conditions of use or any service terms.

unless the everyone without limiting the generality of the foregoing, any fraudulent, abusive, or otherwise illegal activity, or that may otherwise affect the enjoyment of the service or the internet by others may be grounds for termination of your access to all or part of the service at our sole discretion, and you may be referred to appropriate law enforcement agencies.

unless the everyone insofar as the services utilize components or functions operated or managed by third parties, onavo will not be liable for any form of liability, including, but not limited to any direct or indirect damage, pecuniary or otherwise, arising from the use of, reliance on, or in connection with, such third parties'components and functions.

unless the the google may also stop providing services to you, or add or create new limits to our services at any time.

unless the the by installing, using or accessing the rovio services or any materials included in or with the rovio services, you hereby accept the terms of this eula.

unless the the in no event will any company party be liable for any special, indirect, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, lost profits, or damages resulting from lost data or business interruption resulting from, or in connection with, the use or inability to use the service and any content thereon, whether based on warranty, contract, tort - lrb - including negligence - rrb -, or any other legal theory, even if such company party has been advised of the possibility of such damages.

unless the the these terms and any action related thereto will be governed by the laws of the state of california without regard to its conflict of laws provisions.

unless the everyone when you use our services you agree to all of these terms.

unless the the instagram will not be liable to you for any modification, suspension, or discontinuation of the services, or the loss of any content.

unless the everyone by using amazon services, you agree to these conditions.

unless the the any use of the service after such date will constitute your acceptance of such revised eula.

unless the the you acknowledge that yahoo may or may not pre - screen content, but that yahoo and its designees shall have the right - lrb - but not the obligation - rrb - in their sole discretion to pre - screen, refuse, or remove any content that is available via the yahoo services.

unless the everyone to the extent permitted under law - lrb - and unless linkedin has entered into a separate written agreement that overrides this contract - rrb -, linkedin and its affiliates - lrb - and those that linkedin works with to provide the services - rrb - shall not be liable to you or others for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages, or any loss of data, opportunities, reputation, profits or revenues, related to the services - lrb - e. g. offensive or defamatory statements, down time or loss, use of, or changes to, your information or content - rrb -.

unless the the uber does not endorse such third party services and content and in no event shall uber be responsible or liable for any products or services of such third party providers.

unless the the by accessing or using the airbnb platform, you agree to comply with and be bound by these terms of service.

unless the the we may revise these terms from time to time to better reflect : - lrb - a - rrb - changes to the law, - lrb - b - rrb - new regulatory requirements, or - lrb - c - rrb - improvements or enhancements made to our services.

unless the everyone to the fullest extent allowed by any law that applies, the disclaimers of liability in these terms apply to all damages or injury caused by the service, or related to use of, or inability to use, the service, under any cause of action in any jurisdiction, including, without limitation, actions for breach of warranty, breach of contract or tort - lrb - including negligence - rrb -.

unless the everyone we may make changes to this agreement and to the services from time to time.

unless the the the viber group disclaims all liability, whether based in contract, tort - lrb - including negligence - rrb -, strict liability, or otherwise, and does not accept any liability for any loss or damage - lrb - direct, indirect, punitive, actual, consequential, incidental, special, exemplary, or otherwise - rrb - resulting from any use of, or inability to use, the service or any other site, app or service, or the material, information, software, facilities, services, or other content on the service or any other site, app or service, regardless of the basis upon which liability is claimed and even if any member of the viber group has been advised of the possibility of such loss or damage.

unless the everyone any information stored, processed or transmitted via the service, including user submissions ;

unless the the with the exception of any acts or omissions of willful misconduct, any indemnification obligations hereunder, and any claim of breach of the confidentiality obligations set forth herein, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, crowdtangle parties disclaims all liability, whether based on warranty, contract, tort - lrb - including but not limited to negligence, gross negligence or willful misconduct - rrb -, product liability, strict liability, statutory liability, breach of a fundamental term, fundamental breach, or any other legal theory, for any loss or damages of any kind - lrb - including, without limitation any - lrb - i - rrb - direct, indirect, special, consequential, exemplary or punitive loss or damage, - lrb - ii - rrb - lost profits or savings, - lrb - iii - rrb - business interruption, - lrb - iv - rrb - loss of programs or data - lrb - including any content - rrb -, - lrb - v - rrb - lost revenue or failure to realize expected savings, - lrb - vi - rrb - loss of use, - lrb - vii - rrb - personal injury, - lrb - viii - rrb - fines, fees, penalties, or - lrb - vi - rrb - any other losses or damages whether or not crowdtangle is advised of the possibility of such damages, resulting from the use of, or the inability to make use of, the services.

unless the the the company's intellectual property policy is to - lrb - i - rrb - remove or disable access to material that the company believes in good faith, upon notice from an intellectual property owner or his or her agent, is infringing the intellectual property of a third party by being made available through the service ; and - lrb - ii - rrb - remove any user content uploaded to the service by ` ` repeat infringers.''

unless the everyone likewise, you agree that in the event of data loss, we will not be liable for any purported damage or harm arising therefrom.

unless the everyone if you violate the community guidelines, we reserve the right to terminate your access to the services.

unless the the by accepting these terms of service or using our services, you understand that this is a legally binding instrument and agree to be bound by the terms and conditions herein.

unless the the we have no control over the contents of those sites or resources and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.

unless the everyone if we do update these terms, you are free to decide whether to accept the updated terms or to stop using our service - lrb - see ` ` how is my account closed'' below - rrb - ; your continued use of the service after the effectiveness of that update will be deemed to represent your agreement with, and consent to be bound by, the new terms.

unless the everyone any use of the forums will be at your own risk and will be subject to the disclaimers and limitations on liability set out above.

unless the the in no event shall rovio's, rovio's affiliates ', rovio's licensors'or channel partners'liability for all damages - lrb - except as required by applicable law - rrb - exceed the actual price paid by you for use of the rovio services or five euros - lrb - eur 5 - rrb -, whichever less.

unless the the please review the terms on a regular basis.

unless the the truecaller hereby reserves the right in its absolute discretion to remove any user generated content from the services.

unless the the in no event will tinder's aggregate liability to you for all claims relating to the service exceed the amount paid, if any, by you to tinder for the service while you have an account.

unless the everyone notification of changes in this agreement will be posted on the service or sent via electronic mail, as we may determine in our sole discretion.

unless the the in such cases, facebook's liability will be limited to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.

unless the everyone unless you and we agree otherwise, in the event that the agreement to arbitrate above is found not to apply to you or to a particular claim or dispute, either as a result of your decision to opt out of the agreement to arbitrate or as a result of a decision by the arbitrator or a court order, you agree that any claim or dispute that has arisen or may arise between you and ebay must be resolved exclusively by a state or federal court located in salt lake county, utah.

unless the everyone duolingo may revise the pricing for the goods and services offered through the service at any time.

unless the the any violation or attempted violation of this provision may result in the immediate termination of your ability to access the fitbit service.

unless the the oculus reserves the right to change or modify these terms in the future at any time and at our sole discretion.

unless the the masquerade reserves the right to change, suspend, remove, discontinue, impose limits on, or disable access to the services or any portions thereof or your use thereof.

unless the everyone 9gag, inc reserves the right, at its discretion, to modify these terms of service at any time by posting revised terms of service on the site and by providing notice via e - mail, where possible, or on the site.

unless the the by continuing to access or use the services after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms.

unless the the if we do so, we'll let you know either by posting the modified terms on the site or app or through other communications.

unless the the as a user of this website, including instant booking, you understand and agree that : - lrb - 1 - rrb - neither tripadvisor nor its affiliates will have any liability to you or others for any unauthorized transactions made using your password or account ; and - lrb - 2 - rrb - the unauthorized use of your password or account could cause you to incur liability to both tripadvisor and other users.

unless the everyone our aggregate liability relating to, arising out of, or in any way in connection with our terms, us, or our services will not exceed the greater of one hundred dollars - lrb - $ 100 - rrb - or the amount you have paid us in the past twelve months.

unless the everyone - lrb - a - rrb - u. s. residents : to the fullest extent permissible by law, with the exception of disputes pertaining to viber's intellectual property rights and certain statutory claims that, pursuant to law, are not arbitrable, any dispute of any kind between you and viber arising under these terms shall be resolved through binding arbitration pursuant to the jams streamlined arbitration rules and procedures on an individual basis with no class relief.

unless the everyone further, you and spotify agree to the jurisdiction of the courts listed below to resolve any dispute, claim, or controversy that arises in connection with the agreements - lrb - and any non - contractual disputes / claims arising out of or in connection with them - rrb -.

unless the the we may also remove or refuse to distribute any content on the services, suspend or terminate users, and reclaim usernames without liability to you.

unless the everyone skype may in its option, terminate its relationship with you, or suspend your account immediately if it determines you are using video messaging contrary to this fup or these terms.

unless the the 3. 1 skype may make changes to these terms from time to time.

unless the the in all cases, spotify reserves the right to remove or disable access to any user content for any or no reason, including but not limited to, user content that, in spotify's sole discretion, violates the agreements.

unless the everyone we will try to notify you of material revisions, for example via a service notification or an email to the email associated with your account.

unless the the the english courts will have jurisdiction over any claim arising from, or related to, a visit to our site or use of our services.

unless the everyone by accessing or using any part of the service, you represent that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by these terms and conditions including any future modifications.

unless the everyone you will be deemed to have accepted such changes by continuing to use the service.

unless the everyone to the full extent permissible by law, amazon will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of any amazon service, or from any information, content, materials, products - lrb - including software - rrb - or other services included on or otherwise made available to you through any amazon service, including, but not limited to direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, and consequential damages, unless otherwise specified in writing.

unless the the if you are a resident of canada : notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, with respect to any purchase using a visa credit card at under armour's canada website, these terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with canadian law, without regard to its conflict of law principles.

unless the the we can remove any content or information you post on facebook if we believe that it violates this statement or our policies.

unless the the if we make a significant change, we'll notify you and, where required, seek your consent.

unless the everyone you and ebay agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the courts located within salt lake county, utah for the purpose of litigating all such claims or disputes.

unless the everyone we reserve the right, at our sole discretion and where technically feasible, to disable your access to or ability to use services that we believe present a health and safety risk or violate our community standards, agreements, laws, regulations or policies.

unless the everyone fitbit is not liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension, or discontinuance of any feature or component of the fitbit service.

unless the the in the unlikely event we end up in a legal dispute, we agree to resolve it in california courts - lrb - using california law - rrb - or dublin, ireland courts - lrb - using irish law - rrb -.

unless the everyone we may accept, decline, or place limits on your order for any reason.

unless the the temporarily or permanently revoke any special status associated with your airbnb account ; or

unless the the by visiting our website and accessing the information, resources, services, products, and tools we provide, you understand and agree to accept and adhere to the following terms and conditions as stated in this policy - lrb - hereafter referred to as ` user agreement'- rrb -, along with the terms and conditions as stated in our privacy policy - lrb - please refer to the privacy policy section below for more information - rrb -.

unless the the any use of the content and information obtained through the use of the services shall be at your own discretion and risk.

unless the the if we believe, in our sole discretion, that any member of academia. edu or academia premium or other academia. edu paid services is in breach of our terms, or act outside of the letter or spirit of our terms, we reserve the right to add limitations to your access to www. academia. edu, up to and including terminating all access to www. academia. edu.

unless the the 1. 5 the service is subject to scheduled and unscheduled service interruptions and loss of server data, which you do not own and for which you will not hold us liable.

unless the the you agree that we may notify you of the updated terms by posting them on the service, and that your use of the service after we post the updated terms - lrb - or engaging in other such conduct as we may reasonably specify - rrb - constitutes your agreement to the updated terms.

unless the everyone although tripadvisor has no obligation to screen, edit or monitor any of the content posted to or distributed through any interactive area, tripadvisor reserves the right, and has absolute discretion, to remove, screen, translate or edit without notice any content posted or stored on this website at any time and for any reason, or to have such actions performed by third parties on its behalf, and you are solely responsible for creating backup copies of and replacing any content you post or store on this website at your sole cost and expense.

unless the the by using under armour's products and services, you are agreeing to all the terms below.

unless the everyone therefore, you should review these terms of use and any updated terms before using the service.

unless the the if you do register for or otherwise use our service you shall be deemed to confirm your acceptance of the terms and your agreement to be a party to this binding contract.

unless the everyone we also retain the right to create limits on use and storage at our sole discretion at any time.

unless the the tinder is not responsible or liable for such third parties'terms or actions.

unless the the this policy and consent forms part of our website terms of use and as such it shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of england and wales.

unless the the by using the service, you consent to the terms of the privacy policy.

unless the everyone the foregoing disclaimer of certain damages and limitation of liability will apply to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law.

unless the the we may also impose limits on certain features and aspects of the service or restrict your access to parts or all of the service without notice or liability.

unless the the we may change what you can use to pay from time to time, at our sole discretion.

unless the everyone you and academia. edu agree that any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or relating to these terms or the breach, termination, enforcement, interpretation or validity thereof or the use of the site or services - lrb - collectively, ` ` disputes'' - rrb - will be settled by binding arbitration, except that each party retains the right : - lrb - i - rrb - to bring an individual action in small claims court and - lrb - ii - rrb - to seek injunctive or other equitable relief in a court of competent jurisdiction to prevent the actual or threatened infringement, misappropriation or violation of a party's copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, patents or other intellectual property rights - lrb - the action described in the foregoing clause - lrb - ii - rrb -, an ` ` ip protection action'' - rrb -.

unless the everyone we may also block delivery of a communication - lrb - like email or instant message - rrb - to or from the services in an effort to enforce these terms or we may remove or refuse to publish your content for any reason.

unless the everyone in those cases, crowdtangle will not be held liable for any disruption of service.

unless the the we may amend this user agreement at any time by posting the amended terms on www. ebay. com.

unless the the academia. edu reserves the right to suspend or terminate your account if any information provided during the registration process or thereafter proves to be inaccurate, not current or incomplete.

unless the everyone your continued use of the facebook services, following notice of the changes to our terms, policies or guidelines, constitutes your acceptance of our amended terms, policies or guidelines.

unless the the further, you agree that all terminations, limitations of access and suspensions for cause shall be made in yahoo's sole discretion and that yahoo shall not be liable to you or any third party for any termination of your account, any associated email address, or access to the yahoo services.

unless the the this means we may add new product features or enhancements from time to time as well as remove some features, and if these actions do not materially affect your rights or obligations, we may not provide you with notice before taking them. we may even suspend the services entirely, in which event we will notify you in advance unless extenuating circumstances, such as safety or security concerns, prevent us from doing so.

unless the everyone 12. 6 subject to paragraphs 12. 3 - 12. 5 above, skype's total liability to you under or in connection with these terms - lrb - whether in contract, tort - lrb - including negligence - rrb - or any other theory of liability - rrb - - rrb - shall not exceed in aggregate the amount paid by you for the products in the 12 month period immediately prior to the date of the event giving rise to the relevant claim, subject to a maximum of five thousand euros in all cases.

unless the everyone we may cancel, suspend, or terminate your account and your access to your trading items, virtual money, virtual goods, the content, or the services, in our sole discretion and without prior notice, including if - lrb - a - rrb - your account is inactive - lrb - i. e., not used or logged into - rrb - for one year ; - lrb - b - rrb - you fail to comply with these terms ; - lrb - c - rrb - we suspect fraud or misuse by you of trading items, virtual money, virtual goods, or other content ; - lrb - d - rrb - we suspect any other unlawful activity associated with your account ; or - lrb - e - rrb - we are acting to protect the services, our systems, the app, any of our users, or the reputation of niantic, tpc, or tpci.

unless the everyone skype reserves the right to charge you for such products - lrb - at the normal rate - rrb - in the event that skype determines - lrb - in its reasonable discretion - rrb - that you are abusing the terms of the offer, including if you are using any service, proxy or other devices or anonymous ip address that prevents us from locating you.

unless the the virtual items do not incur fees for non - use, however, the license granted to you in virtual items will terminate in accordance with the terms of this agreement, when tinder ceases providing the service or your account is otherwise closed or terminated.

unless the everyone this eula is governed by the internal substantive laws of the state of california without respect to its conflict of laws provisions.

unless the everyone we can edit or remove your content from our products and services at any time for any reason.

unless the the in no event shall linden lab or any of its directors, officers, employees, shareholders, subsidiaries, agents or licensors be responsible or liable to you or to any third party for any loss or damages of any kind, including for any direct, indirect, economic, exemplary, incidental, consequential, reliance, special, or punitive losses or damages or disgorgement or comparable equitable remedy, for lost data or lost profits, arising - lrb - whether in contract, tort, strict liability or otherwise - rrb - out of or in connection with the service - lrb - including its modification or termination - rrb -, the software, the websites, the servers, your account - lrb - including its termination or suspension - rrb - or this agreement, whether or not linden lab may have been advised that any such damages might or could occur and notwithstanding the failure of essential purpose of any remedy.

unless the the - lrb - v - rrb - conduct of third party emergency services operatives and calling centres to which you may be connected.

unless the the skype takes no responsibility for your failure to comply with the obligations in this paragraph 6. 1.

unless the the any material downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of the service is done at your own discretion and risk and you are solely responsible for any damage to your computer or other device or loss of data resulting from the download or use of any such material.

